We're going with some Harry Potter vibe today.
Come out.
The blood sausage soup here is really delicious.
Did you eat the blood sausage soup?
Yes.
Alright, come out.
Nice to meet you, nice to see you.
-Hey, work hard, work hard. -He's
overdoing it from the start.
He even dropped his lip balm over there.
He came through from the back.
Now that we're all gathered like this,
-Now, PLLI... -Did your... toenail fall off?
Ah, Happy Birthday.
[They sing “Happy Birthday”]
That's so cliché.
It's too cliché.
-It's cliché. -We already did that.
Instead of that, for PLLI's birthday,
let's show them how much we love them.
How much we love them.
Oh, we...
PLLI, what's wrong? Now, we'll
sing a real birthday song for you.
Okay, let's go.
Hit it.
Let's go!
[PLAVE performs “WAY 4 LUV”]
Hey
Let's go
[PLAVE performs “WAY 4 LUV”]
- How old? - Three years old, three years old
How are you going to capture the stars?
[PLAVE performs “WAY 4 LUV”]
PLLI
WAY 4 PLLI
[PLAVE performs “WAY 4 LUV”]
I love you
Everyone!
[PLAVE performs “WAY 4 LUV”]
Happy birthday
H-B-D
Alright, today, we wanted to
do something a bit different.
Yeah!
we tried singing a birthday
song in a non-cliché way.
Whoo!
Oh my, oh my, oh my, oh my.
In this life that's both short and long,
to be able to see our PLLI,
and for our PLLI to be born,
I'm so grateful and happy.
Wow.
He's a great speaker.
Actually, the MC is supposed to say this.
Yeah, the MC should be doing this.
Do you want to be the MC?
Alright.
Wow.
So, MC...
Yes? As the MC, what do you
think the MC should prepare?
- MC, MC - Today
- Didn't you prepare anything? - I...
- How would I have prepared?
- I have something prepared
What did you prepare as the MC?
Eunho did everything just now
PLLI turned three years old
They've turned three What do you think?
Yes, yes
Wait a second.
I think it's good.
Where are you going? Where are you going?
What are you doing?
What else did you prepare?
Where did he go now?
Oh, he went in. No way, he has
a cake or something, right?
No way. That's so predictable.
Seriously, that's so predictable.
- No way. - Seriously?
Come on. No way.
Oh, no way.
Oh, it's not.
What is it? What is it?
It is...
A cake, a cake.
It's PLLI's face.
It's a PLLI cake. A PLLI cake.
It's the hair.
How can we eat this? Oh, this
is a bit... this is a bit cruel.
-Why just the face... -Our PLLI.
It's cruel.
Happy birthday to you.
Happy birthday.
How should we do this?
PLLI should be the one blowing it out.
-Right, we should blow it out
together. -Shall we try blowing it out?
Exactly. PLLI, on the count of three,
- We're blowing it together.
- Now, get ready to blow.
Shall we blow together?
- Go 'whoosh'. - We have to blow together.
Now,
One, two, three!
Wow!
It's PLLI!
I have one more thing prepared.
Oh, what is it? What is it?
I heard PLLI prepared a message for us too.
PLLI?
Yes.
Alright, I heard PLLI has something to say.
Okay, please go ahead.
PLAVE,
I love you so, so much,
I'm only three years old, so
I can't speak very well yet.
Right.
But I love PLAVE so much.
Thank you for playing along
with the ad-lib like that.
Exactly.
Please go all out today, MC.
Since it's PLLI's birthday today.
Of course. I'll give it my all today.
Nice! I love the energy.
Let's keep this momentum going.
The energy is fantastic.
It's really good, really good.
Great.
Now, first, let's...
Should we take off the mics?
Take them off. Oh, I took
mine off. I took mine off.
Yes, good.
Take off the mics. I lost my mic.
Okay, I'll take off the mic.
Yes, taking off the mic,
Oh, the hat.
Let's sit down and continue the talk.
Sitting down to talk some more.
Good, good.
We'll continue the conversation like this.
Alright, great. Shall we sit down?
Oh, today...
There are chairs.
Ah, yes, there are.
Another chair flew in.
Here.
Give me the cake.
Okay.
- Since PLLI is sunshine...
- Do you like the cake?
To celebrate PLLI being sunshine,
I'll give it another sweet kiss.
Hey! Even a kiss?
Hey!
- You went with Pororo,
Pororo. - It's a bit long.
Go ahead and kiss.
Poro-poro.
I'll be the one receiving the kiss.
It's a bit...
That's way too intense.
Alright, I'll give you each
a chance to give a kiss.
I went first.
Oh, you did it, hyung?
Yes.
Wait a second.
I'm going to use our height difference...
...to give a crown kiss.
A crown kiss?
It didn't touch, though.
It didn't touch?
No.
It's not touching. Where are you even doing it?
The crown of your head smells very fragrant.
It smells like whipped cream.
A fresh whipped cream scent.
It's sweet.
I'm a bit shy about this kind of thing.
Ah...
You got me.
Okay.
Finally, the long-awaited...
The King of Flirting
Now, what kind of kiss will...
- The God of Flirting -
It's just getting started
Alright, everyone
Hey, hey, hey Now
The King of
Look, the lips aren't touching
Flirting
He did it on the forehead
Oh, so it was on the forehead.
It's definitely different.
Definitely. - Your flirting is on another
level. - Just the idea itself is...
What's with you all of a sudden?
Why are you striking a pose?
Come on.
No, that's not it.
The MC should be holding it.
Oh, of course. I'll hold it.
Great.
Now, PLLI.
We're spending today with PLLI.
That's right.
Now,
Finally,
it's PLLI's third birthday.
Yes, yes.
And once again,
for the members who did 'Arrrr
peek-a-boo,' let's do an encore...
What?
- An encore? - An encore?
This?
One more time?
Noah-hyung, we have to see
Noah-hyung's encore show.
Oh, of course.
- You know why you're
lacking as an MC? - Arrrr...
Think before you read. You just blurted it out.
Because... He's just reading without thinking.
- What? - I'm nervous.
It's because he's nervous.
This is just my style.
Today is also a very big...
- Since it's a very important project...
- Since it's a big live stream...
Of course, today is...
- You seem to be relying heavily
on the prompter. - Of course.
Today is historic; there
was a soccer match today,
and since it's our dear PLLI's
birthday, I can't help but be nervous.
So you were nervous.
- Yes, like this. - Great.
Yes.
Yes? Alright.
So, Now, how about we make
a wonderful two-line poem
using 'PLLI' with all our love and sincerity?
And since Eunho is the best at this...
What? Why? Why are you doing this to me?
Let's have Eunho go last,
Okay.
and how about we each take a turn?
Oh, that sounds great.
Let's get through this quickly.
Good.
Now, Hamin.
Yes. P!
Who? Noah?
No, you... it's your turn now.
No, P.
You want me to do it?
It should come out right away. A cool acrostic
poem filled with love and sincerity. Okay?
Let's go.
P!
PLLI,
LLI
This oppa loves you so much.
Hey, you shouldn't try to be funny when it's
supposed to be full of love and sincerity.
I'll give it a try.
P
Please stay with me forever
LLI
Remember who you are and who am I
O
Well, that was actually quite plausible.
- It was plausible. - How was it?
It had a certain vibe.
Now, I...
Oh? Yejun?
Do I go right away?
Yes.
You have to give me the cue.
Ah, okay.
P-
I've prepared a full course.
LLI-
Live in the moment.
Ah, it's a bit underwhelming...
- It has a certain vibe... - For something
made with love and care, it's not that...
Now, the 'pl-course' thing
is actually quite nice.
- The pl-course was cool. - Not 'full' course.
Right.
And finally, with our Hamin...
Who will take the hit first?
I'll go first. Wait a second,
I think the chair is backwards.
Okay.
Now, our...
But it has to be filled with love and care.
Alright, here we go.
P
I'll say some romantic words to PLLI.
Alright, here we go.
LLI
Now, I'll tell you my real name.
My name is Yu Hamin.
Real name.
- Your name is pretty. It's a
pretty name. - That wasn't easy.
You've got the sense of
humor and everything else.
-Oh, this is... -I like it.
Ah, definitely.
Now, at this moment,
—He's not solo anymore.
—Eunho-hyung...
He's not solo anymore.
Man,
Yes.
I think he'll feel a lot of pressure.
-Now, this... -Hamin did so well.
Alright.
- Oh, it's starting now. - He's got it.
Okay, okay. The wind is
blowing, the wind is blowing.
It's here, it's here, it's here, it's here.
The King of Flirting.
PLAVE's flirting expert.
Our Eunho.
P
PlayStation.
Oh? How will he follow up from here?
Wait a minute, right now it's a bit...
Wait a minute, right now...
It seems like he added a twist.
- A PlayStation came out. - That's a very...
bold move.
A PlayStation?
PlayStation.
Now...
LLI- What's the resale price?
Ah.
You call that a comment
filled with love and care?
Starting like this on purpose
and then adding one more thing...
Ah, as expected.
Ah, was it a fake?
I knew it. He even asked about the resell price.
Eunho isn't the type to just leave like this.
What should we do next?
Still with PLLI? PLLI, just like before.
- Okay. - Of course.
Alright, let's go.
P
Please enjoy it a lot on FLO as well.
Any... anywhere...
I'd appreciate it if you enjoy it.
LLI
Really?
Now, P.
You have three chances.
It's not easy.
You have three chances, everyone.
This is the last one. It's really the last one.
The prompt 'PLLI' is a bit difficult,
Should we change the prompt for you?
Oh, do you want to change it?
But don't say it out loud,
Okay. Just do it right away,
I think it's better to do it that way.
This guy has quick wit, so...
the more he thinks, the more he loses it.
Oh, really? Then just one letter at a time...
He loses it the more he thinks?
What do you mean?
The more he thinks, he...
Can you do a 4-line acrostic poem?
I can even do a 12-line one.
A 12-line one?
Then let's just do it one letter at a time.
- Let's just go one after
another. - Just anything.
- Right, right, right. - Okay, okay.
Just give me anything.
I'll go first.
"sang" What?
Just thinking about it makes
me so excited and happy.
As expected.
Anything.
"soo"
I stayed up countless
nights just to see our PLLI.
It has to make sense, though.
No, but you see...
If the sentence ends like that, then...
Wait, let's just listen until the end.
It's not over yet.
We don't know yet.
Right.
"Byeong".
What? "Byeong"
Even if I get sick
Even if I'm in pain
As long as PLLI isn't hurting
See?
Right.
Oh, there's more
Okay
Go
I'll go, wherever it may be
Oh.
That definitely works as flirting.
Water bottle-go.
What's the 'go' at the end?
What is 'go'?
No, well, the water bottle...
I was going to do something,
but I couldn't think of anything.
Ah, so you just said 'go'?
I said 'go'. - Water bottle go - Sounds good
Okay, good
Great
Now
Now, now
Ah, our PLLIs...
It's birthday food, after all
- The food we ate today... - Birthday food
What did you have for your
meal? What did the members eat?
- For PLLI's birthday food today... - Today?
Yes, for today's birthday food,
we had diet food for PLLI's birthday.
As expected.
- Diet food. - It had beef,
with brown rice spread out,
and stir-fried mushrooms,
and things like that.
Poke.
I just had one poke bowl,
and it was delicious. It
wasn't just that one, was it?
Huh?
-What else was there?
-Earlier, some other things...
Earlier, like...
Are you going to tell everything?
Everything. All of it. That, and...
Didn't you have something very clear?
I mean, it looked really clear.
It was so clear that I...
My face was reflected in it earlier.
—I could see Noah-hyung's face.
—Should we talk about that?
Well... Two chicken breasts and...
And then...
I had a bowl of clear beef bone soup.
Even the clear soup.
- No, I... - Did you eat beef
bone soup to become a bear?
No, originally...
You know, that...
What's that milky broth?
I wanted to have Seolleongtang,
Seolleongtang.
The milky one. But I heard that
milky broth is really high in fat,
so I went with the clear one.
Ah.
The clear... The clear one.
The clear one.
You had the clear one,
And what else?
- I had poke, too. - What else did you have?
The usual poke and sandwich.
Ah, with the extra topping again.
Yes, I added an extra today.
Today...
I changed it.
What did you add? I saw it earlier.
Bacon.
Today, I went with bacon again.
Bacon and an iced americano.
Right.
You really like that. He
always has a fancy first meal.
Seriously, stop eating that.
No, I...
-No, because... -It's driving me crazy, really.
I think...
The first meal is the most important.
That first meal...
So, how well you eat that meal,
balancing it with vegetables and such...
Oh, but about that coffee...
can't you leave that out?
Is that included as part of it?
If I don't have that, I can't get the food down.
Ah.
Really, that...
To that extent...
You really need something to drink.
Because it's so delicious.
Oh my.
That's how I ate, and for our...
Hamin,
how about you, Hamin?
I had my diet meal.
Diet meal. You ate a restaurant?
A restaurant? Oh, I had curry.
Oh, that curry...
Earlier, I had some curry
with chicken breast and stuff.
The usual.
Oh, I need curry ramen.
Oh, but why...
Why always with the ramen?
Oh, just... just because.
Since you like ramen.
But have you only had one meal all day today?
I ate at home before coming.
I ate my diet meal at home.
- Did you eat your diet meal? - Oh, today...
Two diet meals, you had two diet meals.
Because today is PLLI's birthday.
PLLI, it's your birthday, so you
should eat something delicious.
Rather than us eating...
Right, right.
Because the guys are dieting
really hard right now.
That's true. Ah, but I...
Should I say it or not?
Well, earlier, both Bamby and Hamin
lifted their shirts like this...
...and asked, 'How is it?'
They lifted their shirts?
They showed their bellies.
-Basically -Lifting their clothes
My diet is over.
He lost all the weight.
Based on how I look, I shouldn't lose any more.
I realized something while watching you.
You didn't gain fat; it
was just water retention.
Water retention?
I had water retention?
No, what I mean is... - It's not
just water retention - Edema, edema.
- I was bloated? - It was edema, edema.
It was edema.
- Why do I have edema? - Because you
couldn't have lost it this fast otherwise.
It was edema. - Why, why do
I have it? - It wasn't fat.
What about me? Exactly.
- Bamby, don't deny the swelling. - Me?
You and the swelling...
Moving on.
Move... What did you say about moving on?
Oh, moving on.
Alright, move on.
Ah, talking more about this...
Let's move on.
It's not that bad.
Of course I know that.
I know that.
Alright, Yejun.
Yejun, what did you eat?
I had the beef and mushroom stir-fry
poke bowl Noah mentioned earlier.
I ate that this morning,
Noah gave it to me yesterday.
I had it for breakfast with some kimchi,
and I actually haven't had dinner yet.
Just some eggs and...
Maybe some nuts.
Yeah, I wasn't that hungry.
And I had something like a
chicken breast sausage as a snack.
That's what I had.
You ate very lightly.
Light, you're keeping it light.
Because I can't look bloated today.
Why? Why?
Today...
Hey.
Since we have a broadcast today,
and it's really important,
I put some effort in today.
- Great. - Wow, but we're all
really on a diet right now.
That's true.
Wow.
Eunho, what did you eat?
Eunho ate too, you know.
- Eunho was on a diet today, too. - I...
I had the same beef thing as them.
I haven't eaten anything since then.
Really? Oh, was that your first meal today?
- Was that your first meal? - Yes, that's right.
Your shoulders are so slumped
because you only ate that.
Eat more and straighten your shoulders.
Let me know if you want some curry ramen.
What are you talking about?
Are you going to run?
So, are you going to run or not?
Wait, why that day... Well, tell us then.
Why didn't you do it that day?
Eunho. You made a firm promise to PLLI.
Yes, yes.
But what I'm saying is, why
did you break that promise?
We were practicing that day,
And you kept asking, 'Are you going
to run? Are you going to run?'
You kept doing that during
every break, and then...
Since I said I wouldn't,
he said, "I'll do Weverse then."
Gosh, I'm so tired of him.
Oh, that's not Weverse, it's Tooniverse.
He just kept doing that.
*Sigh*
Bamby. - Oh, I... - That's why I...
I didn't run to set up a moment for Weverse.
Oh, is that why?
But I...
To make a moment? And didn't you think
that I might have run behind the scenes?
Where is "behind"?
That... just saying that behind
Bamby's back, where it's not visible...
If you're going to say that...
You're supposed to not let your right
hand know what your left hand did.
Oh, really?
The Eunho I know...
...isn't the type to hide the fact that he ran.
Absolutely not.
Definitely not.
He has to brag about it.
He's the type who absolutely
has to talk about it if he runs.
He has to mention it at least three times.
-He has to make it known. -Right.
"I went for a run."
Since he's the kind of
person who has to say that,
Yes, exactly.
That's practically impossible.
But Eunho-hyung always brags about his runs.
He always says he ran an extra kilometer.
- Oh, really? - Is that so?
- Last time... - Me?
He ran with an acquaintance of mine once.
Oh, really? He told me, for
example, that he ran 6km.
And so...
Huh?
- So I said, 'I heard you ran 6km
with Eunho-hyung.' - He adds to it?
I said, "No, I ran 5km," but...
Wow.
He added an extra kilometer.
Oh, this is...
He even counted this.
Stop it.
But that acquaintance... acquaintance...
The...
The ph... phone was broken.
- The distance measurement... -
Oh, because the phone was broken.
-Unlike mine... -The distance,
it didn't recognize the distance?
Yes, it was different from mine.
Mine says 6.
Everyone sees things differently.
Everyone has a different field of vision.
And a different perspective.
You shouldn't say it's a lie.
I see.
He's a very transparent guy.
He's like clear beef bone soup.
Clear beef bone soup.
Clear beef bone soup, because you
can see your reflection in it.
That's great.
I'm also curious about what our PLLI
ate, since they're the ones involved.
Actually, I saw some earlier.
Some had braised short ribs,
some had kimchi fried rice,
and many had spicy stir-fried pork and so on.
- They might even be eating
right now - while watching this.
Right, right. Some of you
might be watching right now,
gathered together like this.
True. Watching on a big screen,
eating pizza, tteokbokki,
- Why tteokbokki? - Bomdong bibimbap.
chicken feet,
cream jjamppong...
Iced soybean paste stew?
Beef
But really,
- Braised chicken - We should read
more of the comments.
Because I always monitor things like PLLI-log.
And they get really surprised
when we talk about PLLI.
They love it so much.
Yes, if you read those comments...
Oh, 'Rice cake dumpling soup.'
- Please leave lots of comments.
- 'Chicken,' 'Pork belly.'
'Kimchi fried rice'
-'Hamburger' -'Sweet and sour pork'
-Why is there no rice cake dumpling soup?
-'Kimchi stew', 'Udon', and 'Chicken'
-Oh, there's no rice cake dumpling soup
at all. -'Pizza', 'Bibimbap', 'Bibimbap'
Ca... 'Cake'
There's not a single rice cake dumpling soup.
-'Spaghetti' -Someone is on a 'diet' too
There's 'Rice noodles' too
-Ah, there's no rice cake dumpling soup at
all. -'Outback', 'Spicy Ugeoji hangover soup'
-'Bibimbap', 'Gimbap' -'Tomato Malatang'
-Oh, there really is no rice cake
dumpling soup. -'Buldak', 'Cold noodles'
'Spicy stir-fried chicken'
-'Gimbap' -'Diet meal'
-There are so many. -'Beef tartare bibimbap'
'Braised spicy monkfish', 'Takoyaki'
-Every dish in the world is coming
up. -'Mom's home-cooked meal', 'Beer'
-Oh my -'Tenderloin katsu'
Wow, 'Oreo waffle'
'Ginseng chicken soup', 'School lunch'
-There's not a single rice cake
dumpling soup. -'Brown rice rice ball'
'School food'?
School food.
At school...
I guess you went to work today?
No, went to school.
Went to school, I guess you went to school.
They probably went to school, right?
No, they could have gone to work too.
Went to work...
They could be a nutritionist.
Oh.
A nutritionist. So that's how...
...it's going? Yes.
There's 'shabu-shabu'. There might
also be someone who prepares the food.
Ah, but looking at it like this,
the food is all pretty much the same.
It's all stuff we're familiar with.
You know, kimchi stew, hamburgers, pork belly.
Well, we just eat those things.
What else is there to eat?
That's what I was trying to say.
You just eat what you find delicious.
You've eaten a lot of delicious things.
Anything... anything unique?
If there's something really
unique, I'd like to talk about it.
Gim-bugak.
It's been a while since I've heard of gim-bugak.
But it seems none of our PLLI
are eating anything unusual.
- That's true. - Right?
Sprinkling seaweed flakes over
rice cake dumpling soup...
The dumplings are hot, so you split
them in half and blow on them...
It's so delicious when you eat them like that.
It's really delicious.
- I thought those were lyrics. - But...
I'm imagining it... I could
actually taste it just now.
Oh, you could taste it?
Applause
Thank you.
Thank you, everyone.
Great.
Oh, so for our global PLLIs,
we thought about saying a few words
in other languages as well.
I'll go first.
Happy Birthday, PLLI.
Yeah!
I'll go next.
PLLI
Happy birthday
Happy birthday, PLLI
He practiced!
Spanish, now Indonesian.
Eunho.
Eunho-sama, together forever.
Yes?
Happy Birthday, PLLI.
Great.
Now, Thai.
Happy Birthday, PLLI
Next.
Whoever the camera catches.
It's random who gets caught.
It's not me again.
Now, Vietnamese.
Happy Birthday, PLLI
French.
It's good-yu
-...anniversaire. -Wait, wait.
-Hold on. -You said it's good?
You shouldn't use a dialect.
-No dialects, don't use a dialect. -Why are
you suddenly using a Chungcheong dialect?
I told you to speak French.
Why are you using a dialect?
I'll try again.
I like it.
No. Where in France...
...would they say "Jo-a-yu"?
They wouldn't say that.
- I like it. - I like it, too.
What does "Joyeux" mean?
Can't you tell me?
I like you
Happy Birthday, PLLI.
It's a good, good phrase.
That's good.
Now,
Now then, I heard a letter
arrived at Terra yesterday.
A letter?
Let's ask our PLLI if they read it well.
Now, Are you tired?
Hurry up and keep going. If it's too
hard, just wave your hand like this.
What's so hard about it?
Wave your hand like this, okay?
No, what... what's so hard?
No, no, tell me.
Keep it moving.
Let's ask, let's ask.
Seriously.
How was it?
How was it, our PLLI?
- How was it? - Why is he
like that? Wait, hold on.
Oh, why? What? What is it?
What's this?
- I like it! - You're so cute.
I love you!
I like it!
Now, we have some letters that we wrote.
Right, right.
Shall we talk about if
PLLI enjoyed reading them?
Sure.
Let's see. The PLLI...
- They said they were so... so
moved. - They were very touched.
Oh my. - It was a surprise.
- Some PLLI even shed tears.
- That's right. - Exactly.
"It was so touching."
Really, really. You read
the letter carefully, right?
Yes, you did.
Because I love you
Now, -'I was so moved' -Saying
it was 'really great' like this.
Saying it was 'touching' like this.
'I enjoyed reading it, it was touching.'
Saying 'it brought tears to my eyes.' We also...
But then again, we...
Since we read them, we should
give them a response too.
Right, right.
You're saying exactly what I wanted to say.
It was really... really
touching. Truly touching.
Since they arrived safely,
it's a relief that they arrived.
There are many people who wrote very simply,
Right, right. and many who wrote long ones.
Right, right, right.
- Oh my. - Someone said they cried on the bus.
They cried on the bus?
Oh no.
'I shed tears while reading it.'
'I read it thoroughly.'
'I cried in the middle of the night.'
If you read it late at night,
you know how emotional it gets.
Exactly.
If you read it then, it really... Oh, but
there are so many PLLIs who said they cried.
There really are a lot.
So many.
They said they almost cried.
Oh, really?
They said they vowed to be Forever, PLAVE
Really?
That's good. After reading Eunho's letter.
There are so many people who said
they cried after reading Eunho's.
Oh, really?
Eunho must have written it really well.
Eunho wrote a long one, too.
I just wrote what I wanted to say.
Right, Eunho really wrote that
letter without hesitation.
I mean, he's a really good writer.
Right. He just writes and
writes, filling up so many pages.
Putting his heart into every word.
Should I write you a letter?
He's good at writing in
detail. A convenience store?
Should I write you a letter?
No.
Alright.
Our PLLIs, oh but seriously,
I can feel it.
The comments are scrolling
up like this right now,
and you're sending so many crying emojis.
That's right.
But then again, if...
last year,
you couldn't write a letter,
there might be new PLLIs as well.
For those PLLIs,
if you write letters on Weverse or Bubble today,
Right, right. we'll read them all,
Yes.
We'll take it all in.
If you write a lot,
as much as possible,
we're reading them very carefully.
Okay.
Alright, good.
Anyway,
this is a moving story, but...
Wipe your tears.
Since today is a good day.
And, and, and... there's
another piece of good news.
Oh, what is it?
- There's something. - Another one? Another one?
We started the ticketing, you know.
Ah.
Right.
I'm really curious if our PLLI
succeeded in getting tickets again.
Right, it's so great.
You see, our PLLIs...
Yes, yes.
This time, it's really...
you know,
so spacious,
really,
that everyone can come.
I saw so many posts saying that.
- I'm so proud this time. - That's a relief.
Since all our PLLIs can come,
everyone,
It feels so overwhelming to
think we can meet everyone.
Truly. I'm so excited.
Is everyone coming?
Right. -Everyone, everyone, everyone
has to come. -For those who can't...
Exactly. There are some who can't come
because of their schedules, though.
True.
-Inevitably... -They really want to come, but...
I don't think there's anyone who can't come.
-True. -Unless they have other plans.
-Because of the seats. -They really succeeded.
Everyone succeeded.
Right, while our PLLIs were ticketing,
since there were enough seats this time...
Since there are so many, they must've
thought, 'Hehe, there's my seat!'
That's what they must have done.
Because they could actually choose.
-Wow, that's awesome. -They must have...
they must have done that so cutely.
I bet they did.
- I bet they were so cute. - Because...
Also, before the ticketing, our PLLIs...
were really nervous.
Why? Why? Why?
I mean,
just in case,
since it happened before,
since it was like that during the last concert,
thinking, 'Oh, what if there's no seat for me?'
they were very nervous,
Well, compared to how nervous they were...
Right.
...good seats...
Exactly....the seats that you, PLLI,
wanted, to your heart's content...
...the fact that they can
book them now is actually...
...it makes us feel so good.
Because it means we can see everyone.
I mentioned this on Bubble,
thanking them for getting the tickets.
Because, to come see us,
from so far away,
taking those precious steps, it hit me again.
The fact that they get nervous about ticketing
means that so many of you
are coming to see us.
Right.
So, the fact that you do the ticketing,
I felt so grateful once again.
Exactly. So that's what I told them,
Thank you.
But I feel like PLLIs might run
into each other at PC bangs.
Like, when they're trying to get tickets.
That could happen.
Since you need a good computer. - Don't
they go to PC bangs? - Oh, they might...
I guess so.
If they're sitting next to
each other, it would be...
If they run into each
other, couldn't that happen?
Ordering a bowl of ramen for each other,
ordering it together,
ordering ramen...
-Ordering together -Ramen
You're really into ramen these days.
-Let me know if you ever want curry
ramen. -You keep talking about ramen.
Ah, I want some ramen.
That's how PLLIs share such
warm affection with each other.
Great. We're working hard on our preparations,
That's right. So if you look forward to it...
Please look forward to it.
You can really look forward to this concert.
Since all our PLLIs are coming,
Seriously, This time, for real,
-We're going to show you everything,
like never before. -You're all in for it.
We're getting ready,
so we'll definitely show you this time.
Great.
In terms of the time we've spent,
-We've been preparing for
quite a while. -That's right.
Right, right. Exactly.
But this time, physical strength...
I think it'll be a battle of stamina.
We're really working on our stamina.
Well, we just have to do our best.
And since it's summer...
Right, it'll be hot.
It's going to be hot. So I said...
It might rain, too.
- It rains a lot in summer. - Right.
So, although it shouldn't rain...
If it does rain,
what can we do?
We'll just have to accept it.
I mean, it's one thing that
it's raining, but so suddenly...
Let's just enjoy it like a Waterbomb festival.
Oh, that sounds fun.
That's what I said.
Good. Actually,
Let's stay positive instead.
Stay positive.
Whether the weather is good or not,
It could actually become a great memory.
That's right. Exactly.
Performing in the rain
is great. And cheering in it, too.
Right.
It becomes a memory...
Since it's a special experience.
I know that feeling very well.
It rained for us, too.
I really loved the rain.
Exactly, the rain was so great.
I actually didn't mind the rain at all.
It started raining so suddenly,
so I was a bit annoyed at first,
but then I thought, "No, this is a memory too."
- And the lightning... - Thunder and lightning.
That was really cool.
It was almost like...
How should I put it?
It felt like a kind of setup.
Right, right.
Exactly.
You know, that kind of thing money can't buy.
For real.
So, anyway, whatever happens,
even when we perform,
it would be amazing if a coincidence
like that happened again.
Anyway, the bottom line is it'll all be cool.
Great.
Please look forward to it.
Please look forward to it a lot.
So, since we're now three years old,
And our PLLIs...
Right.
So, here in Korea on Terra,
You know the saying, 'A habit formed
at three lasts until eighty,' right?
There's a proverb like that, everyone.
Do you know it?
I know it.
- You know it. - I do.
Of course.
- I know. - Of course, of course, of course.
Since PLLI is now three years old,
we need to form good habits now
so they last a lifetime.
That's what it means, everyone.
Right.
So, to celebrate PLLI turning three today,
we've thought of some habits for PLLI.
Oh, you've thought of some.
PLLI's habits, PLLI's habits.
PLLIs, please try to guess them with us.
Yes.
Alright.
PLLI's three-year-old habits.
Habits. One.
Now, it's going to be shown below.
And our PLLI is here.
It's a square.
Shall we try to guess? This...
'Yejun thinks PLLI is ○○○○○○○○.'
Shall we guess?
This... Oh, are we the ones guessing this?
Let's see.
Yejun thinks PLLI...
PLLI...
What could it be?
What is it? What do you think our PLLI thinks?
Hi... Hint? Hint?
A hint?
It's about PLLI's habit, right.
Hint.
The concert.
Okay.
Concert.
You think it's the concert?
No, it's something that
happened during the concert.
'Cute' came up.
- Cute? - He thinks PLLI's cute.
A water deer?
No, not a water deer.
- 'They think he's a bit
crazy' - As for Yejun...
PLLI...
'They think he's rich.'
Wh-who... Oh, is there a comment like that?
Exercise too...
- Is it related to cheering?
- I saw a comment like this.
- Should I tell you right
away? - Sing-along? Sing-along?
I think of them as my muse.
Should I tell you?
'Yejun thinks...'
'...that whenever PLLI...'
'...looks at him...'
'...their eyes sparkle.'
It's a habit of PLLI's.
It's just the default.
This is PLLI's habit.
Whenever there's a concert, or...
whenever we're on stage,
whenever we perform,
their eyes looking at me are so sparkling.
Sparkling.
I've noticed...
...that habit.
That must be so heart-fluttering.
- PLLI, - how do you feel?
'Has a powerful voice'
Vocal cords
- Megaphone - Actually, they
have a really powerful voice
'Pterodactyl'?
There are comments like this
It was a sweeter answer than I expected
A sweet answer
It's like this
Now, next
Now, our Noah
Noah.
'Noah thinks PLLI is [blank].'
I'll give you a hint too.
Oh, a hint.
To give you a hint...
It's kind of...
related to the stage.
The stage?
So, what do you think it is?
Noah thinks PLLI is preparing for their debut.
Preparing for debut?
I got it right, didn't I?
Wrong.
Noah thinks PLLI...
I... thinks I'm being stubborn.
Me?
Thinks I'm a stubborn person.
That's Bamby.
Not PLLI.
Doing this again. Good, good.
Lately, Side Lateral Raises...
Side Lateral Raise? Oh, Side Lateral Raise?
You're almost there.
He says you're almost there.
He thinks he's doing Side Lateral Raises?
Now, I'll reveal the answer.
The answer is...
"Noah thinks they're doing Front Lateral
Raises when PLLI cheers for him."
Front Lateral Raise. It's moved on to "Frere."
Even without looking, I
know they're doing "Frere."
This time on Weverse... Even when
I look, they're doing "Frere."
It's just become a habit now.
It's incredible. It really is.
That's why our PLLIs' shoulder muscles
are more developed than you'd think.
They're bound to get stronger at this rate.
- Shoulder muscles are important.
- They have no choice but to be.
Great. Next, shall we look at the next one?
Now, next. Alright.
'Bamby thinks PLLI is [blank].'
-Thinks [blank]? -Oh, [censored]?
-In a way, this is a bit... -What did you say?
It's a habit, after all.
This is hard. You wrote it too long.
So, give us a hint about the situation.
The situation.
Mine is on stage too.
- Concert. - Oh, during the performance.
Concert. But we all wrote
these separately, right?
- But the content is a bit...
- Sh-should I try to guess?
Yes, what is it?
Bamby thinks PLLI only looks at him.
Come on.
- That sounds plausible. -
That they only look at me.
That sounds plausible.
What do you mean "plausible"?
It's plausible.
Oh, really?
- Is it not? - No?
Is it not?
Let me be the only one to see it.
Only I should see it.
Okay. Geum Jan-di?
- Okay, this is too hard, so I'll
tell you. - Tell us, tell us, tell us!
'Bamby thinks that PLLI's...'
'...eyes looking at the stage...'
'...sparkle like someone full of dreams.'
It's similar. It's quite similar, it's similar.
Even though Yejun-hyung and I
wrote them separately.
Because PLLI is really like
this, so it's what we felt.
- Right, right, right. - Exactly.
This is something we really felt. -
Seriously. - But this is for real.
- It's legit. - This is what we felt.
Seriously.
It really is. Oh, it was really similar.
Really, really.
It also seemed like it was sparkling
because of the stage lights.
- But actually, the stage lights... - Or not?
They shine on us.
Right.
But I really felt our PLLI shining
even brighter than those lights.
Seriously.
It was like...
They were glowing.
- That's a very good habit to
have. - From the audience...
Exactly, exactly.
The kind of look you have when
looking at someone you love...
- That sparkling look in their
eyes is so moving. - Like a habit.
That sparkle in their eyes.
They really have that sparkle.
Everyone really has it.
I wonder why.
Maybe it's because we've truly
become one in that space?
- Everyone has the same look
in their eyes. - Actually...
People who like each other
tend to resemble one another.
Ah, so we're the ones who are sparkling.
Exactly. But I bet you've been sparkling
and beautiful since the day you were born.
So you're saying we should
have a flirting battle today?
Alright.
I can't lose. Alright.
Do your best.
Alright. One by one now.
-Good, the flirting... -Alright, next.
Alright, next is Eunho.
I'm really looking forward to Eunho-hyung.
—‘Eunho thinks PLLI...’
—I'm looking forward to Eunho-hyung.
Now, let's see how much flirting he did here.
"...thinks that..."
Okay, I know!
-How much did he flirt? -Eunho...
Eunho thinks PLLI is beautiful and sexy.
Shall I try guessing too?
Eunho thinks PLLI is mine.
That was a good one, almost the correct answer.
Eunho thinks PLLI is the loveliest in the world.
You're almost there.
You're very close.
Just think of it as Do Eunho
himself. Here's a hint.
Do Eunho himself?
Yes. Do Eunho himself?
Do Eunho himself.
Eunho thinks PLLI is like him?
What is it? Eunho himself?
Now, I'll give you the answer.
- Please tell us the answer. - 'Eunho thinks...'
"...thinks that PLLI keeps trying
to copy his favorite restaurants."
What a beautiful and sweet way to flirt.
This is actually the sweetest thing ever.
Ah, well...
You naturally want to copy someone you love.
Is that so?
That's what it means.
He looks quite sad for that; his
shoulders are drooping so much.
Why are your shoulders so slumped?
Today... - My muscles really melted away because
I haven't been working out lately. - Love you.
Love you.
Love ya.
But Eunho, why do you think
they keep copying you?
Just out of habit, like a habit.
It's because when you love
someone, you want to be like them.
Right, exactly.
I think that's why.
Especially when it comes to Eunho's favorite
spots, it seems like you do that even more.
Really. Is there a sense of it being guaranteed?
Eunho is just...
I'm curious. - He really
loves food. - Right, right.
Right, right.
Eunho can't go to the
kalguksu(noodle) place right now.
Because it's been taken over.
How does it feel to have it taken away?
- Sorry... You're saying 'I'm
sorry' again. - Well, for me...
Rather than eating it by myself...
- With PLLI - For our many
PLLIs'
public good.
For the public good,
it's better if so many
people can enjoy it together.
Sacrificing myself
doesn't bother me at all.
I'm happy to do it.
Because I love them that much.
I see. It's my love for them.
Yes, good.
Good. Next. Now,
- Now, finally, Hamin. - Is it Hamin's turn?
'Hamin thinks PLLI is [blank].'
I bet he did some amazing flirting again.
Ah, well, rather than flirting,
It's about PLLI's habit.
- It's a real habit. - A very cute one.
I've caught one of their habits.
Oh.
A cute habit?
To give you a hint...
When we do a live broadcast...
Yes.
That's all for the hint.
When doing a live broadcast? During a live?
The only way we can see PLLI
is through the comments...
That's right. Hamin thinks
PLLI finds him really cute.
Oh, that's a given.
Why are you stating the obvious?
Hamin thinks PLLI is 'Oppa'.
Oh, that's also a given.
Why are you stating the obvious?
Wait, PLLI is 'Oppa'?
What?
I misspoke.
I misspoke, and...
Hamin thinks PLLI...
thinks Eunho-hyung's dance line is similar to
Hamin's.
Oh, is that PLLI's habit?
Is it wishful thinking?
The habit...
Got it, got it, got it.
Hamin thinks PLLI...
thinks Hamin copies Noah-hyung every day.
What does that have to do with anything?
Is it just a habit, just constantly...
Asking if I imitate him habitually?
'Oh, is Hamin imitating Noah again today?'
You have a really bad habit, hyung.
Now, I'll reveal the correct answer.
'Hamin thinks that when PLLI
dances during the stream,'
'they post dancing emojis in the chat.'
I saw it earlier too.
That is pretty cute.
Yes, this one, this one.
It's cute when they do this.
This one, this one.
Isn't it that purple one?
Oh, right now in the comments...
That one, this one, this one.
- Oh, this one, this one. -
The yellow one, the yellow one.
This one, this one, the yellow chick.
It's so cute, like a habit.
It's cute, it's cute, this one.
So I caught onto this.
Good.
Alright, great.
Now, everyone, PLLI is three years
old, but we're also three years old.
Ah, that's true.
Now, I'm not sure if the members...
...are aware of their own habits.
Oh? Do you know?
Actually, I know my own habits best.
Me too. I know mine well.
Yes. But then again, you never know.
I don't really know.
Because others see you differently.
PLLI sent in tips about
the habits we have.
- Really? - They sent in
tips? They sent in tips?
I heard they sent in some tips. They did.
Really?
Alright, let's take a look at this.
Okay.
Let's go. When did they even report it?
Wait, am I first? - Let's go all
the way. - Who's going first?
Oh, am I first again?
Yejun. -Oh, here it is.
-'Yejun is sometimes [blank]'
Cries. Blank.
Huh? He cries.
Yejun is sometimes...
Yejun sometimes chickens out.
Chickens out?
Chickens out. He chickens out every day.
Like, when it's dar... dark,
He gets scared sometimes.
Sometimes?
What do I do sometimes?
He brushes his tongue sometimes.
No, that's not it.
- Sometimes - No, no.
Binge eats.
Makes a 'gag' sound.
'Blegh'
You really sound like you're dying.
It's only once in a while.
- It's only once in a while.
- It is once in a while.
He's weird sometimes?
- He is weird sometimes. - He's weird.
- He can be weird. - He binge eats.
He binge eats.
Sometimes he gets 'Red Eyes'.
He gets 'Red Eyes'.
Oh, what is it? I'm curious.
Oh, I'm curious about this.
What is it? Shall we take a
look? Please show us the answer.
Ah, he uses the Dragon Palace dialect.
Ah, DPD (Dragon Palace Dialect)
We have some footage.
Shall we watch the footage?
Oh, he's not using the Dragon Palace dialect?
Two.
He looks good on camera.
He looks cool, though.
He's saying 'geukkaji'. Ah, 'geukkaji'.
'Geukkaji'... 'Ikkaji'.
hyung, you're being too much.
No.
Oh, that's a bit much.
Did you know?
But...
Wait, why is "i-kkaji" a dialect?
"I-kkaji" is definitely a dialect.
"I-kkaji"?
It's "yeogi-kkaji."
You mean "yeogi-kkaji"?
"Yeo-kkaji," "yeo-kkaji."
"Yeo-kkaji"?
- From here to here. - "Yeo-kkaji"?
From here to here.
To here. You say 'from here to here' like this.
It's 'from here to here.'
From here to here.
Oh, really?
And 'to here' too.
And when you're sleepy, you say 'I'm sleepy.'
No, it's not that much, really.
But you say "I'm sleepy."
I don't say "I'm sleepy."
Yes, you do. I say "I'm sleepy."
Oh, really?
Yes.
Like, "Oh, I'm sleepy." Huh? That's not it.
Why are you laughing? "Oh, I'm sleepy..."
Cafe? Do you call it 'cafe'?
I don't say 'cafe'.
but 'kka-pe'.
Ah, it's a bit confusing sometimes.
Ah, I'm sleepy.
I'm sleepy. I'm confused about how
much of this is actually true, but...
Anyway,
Okay, three things, two
things... there's one more.
There's a second one. Shall we take a look?
- What else did he do? - "Yejun..."
"When he sits on a chair... when he sits, he..."
- When he sits on a chair - He crosses his legs
I know this one.
Crosses his legs? Farts?
Can you hear it like this?
Isn't it like "bang"?
I totally know this one.
Is it Disco Pang Pang?
I really know this.
Getting sleepy when sitting in a chair.
Putting your legs up.
Wait, I'm really... I'm
really going to get this.
I got it right.
Putting your legs up. Like this?
Yeah. Huh? Sitting cross-legged.
I think that's right.
Isn't it 'sitting cross-legged'?
It is 'sitting cross-legged'.
It's been like that a lot lately.
I don't think it was like this before.
It's been like that lately.
Huh?
Shall we check then?
I'm sure it's 'sitting cross-legged'.
And the answer is? Sitting with legs folded.
-Right, right. -Yeah, it's sitting cross-legged.
-You have to fold your legs.
-Is this... is this comfortable?
I find this comfortable.
-I can't sit like this. -It's
so uncomfortable for me.
-But some people naturally
can't do this... -I get cramps.
-...I've seen people like that. -Really?
I can't do it.
You can't sit cross-legged?
-I've had this habit for a long
time... -I can't do it for long.
It's really comfortable.
Oh, really?
But they say it's not good for you.
- This? - Oh, is this bad for you?
- If you sit like that for a long time...
- They say it's bad, they say it's bad.
Yeah.
But it's so comfortable.
Should I try it?
Anyway, sit with your legs folded.
And then...
Is there more? Is there another one?
Yes.
Yejun is flustered
Oh, there's more footage.
Oh, there's footage for every single thing.
Wow, you prepared another one.
Ah, like that.
You're right, he does that a lot.
He really does.
Hey, how is this comfortable?
He's just staying like that by himself.
He's levitating.
I know, right?
Wow.
He's so flexible.
At the end, that...
But this...
- This is the most comfortable
for me. - Like this, like this.
- It's comfortable. - I'm
like this, but at the end...
What is this?
It's comfortable.
Huh? - It's comfortable.
- How do you even do this?
What is this?
This is comfortable, like this.
Are those compression legs?
This is really comfortable.
You must be good at yoga. Leaning
back against the sofa like this
Right on the coffee table
- It's comfortable even like this.
- Oh, you're really flexible.
Looks uncomfortable, though?
You're flexible too, hyung.
It's uncomfortable. That's amazing.
Yeah.
Alright, that was great.
Now, there's one more here.
- There's more? - There's one more.
Yes, there's one more.
The question?
'When Yejun is flustered, he is [blank].'
Oh, when he's flustered?
I think I know.
When he's flustered? Bolts?
His eyebrows turn into triangles.
He bolts when he's flustered?
When you're flustered, you
jump like this, like this?
You just jumped?
Oh, your body jerks?
It's not working.
It's jumping.
Oh, it's jumping.
Right. When you're flustered?
Eat?
You eat when you're flustered?
It's possible.
I figured it out.
I got it right.
What is it? Your eyes get bigger.
I'm telling you, your
eyebrows turn into triangles.
Your eyebrows turn into triangles. They turn
into triangles and your eyes get bigger.
Am I wrong?
I think I'm right. Please tell us
What is it?
What's the answer?
Scratching your head vigorously with both hands?
- Like this? - Oh, this
Is that so? Shall we find out?
You do this all the time
- Scratched it vigorously. - Really?
You really do that a lot
So cute, so cute.
That's a cute habit.
hyung, I think you're going
to get a shampoo commercial.
Did I really scratch that much?
Is the shampoo commercial coming?
Okay, shampoo.
-Okay, scalp. -Shampoo, shampoo, shampoo.
Ah, I didn't do the massage. That's a shame.
-Are we doing it again? -Let's go.
A little more massage.
- The scalp massage... - Please rub it.
- A little more, a little more. -
Scratch it, scratch it, scratch it.
- Oh, please scratch it. - Just a little more.
We have to go, we have to go now.
You have to scratch it.
Just a little more.
Here it comes.
The massage...
Is starting...
Now, are you scratching?
Are you scratching it?
Come on, come on.
It's in!
A bit more satisfyingly,
a bit more satisfyingly.
You scratched it!
Wow, you're scratching it!
Everyone, you've waited a long time.
- It was an unscratched lottery
ticket. - It's been scratched.
Yes, it was really tough.
I'll stop here.
Now,
- Oh, we have more reports. - More reports?
'When making a heart over your head'
'Poking the crown of your
head with your fingers'
What is this... Do you want to try it?
Oh, like this?
Like this.
Everything starts from the scalp.
Okay, and "opening your mouth while dancing."
I really don't know about this one.
Do I open my mouth? When I dance?
Do I do it like this?
Like this?
I don't think so.
When Yejun-hyung dances,
he scowls.
Yeah.
Doesn't he scowl?
Yejun-hyung?
- When he's dancing? - He scowls a lot.
He totally does, he totally does.
With his mouth open.
I use my face...
Yejun-hyung and I scowl,
and he also has a habit of saying,
"This is crazy, seriously."
Oh, he does that a lot.
- Oh, he does this a lot. I know this
one. - Oh, this is crazy, seriously.
- I'm going crazy, seriously.
- Seriously, I'm going crazy.
- I'm going crazy. - He does it when
he finds the younger ones cute, too.
Oh, really?
Like, "I'm going crazy, seriously."
Oh, he does that more than five times a day.
- I'm going crazy. - And they
don't pronounce "chi" as "chi."
Chi. Like, "I'm going crazy, seriously."
I'm going crazy, seriously.
- I'm going crazy. - It's a "chi" sound.
The 'chi' sound is a bit strong.
Now, and also 'smacking your
lips after applying lip balm.'
This...
He likes making this sound.
Yes.
Lip balm.
Great, we've taken a look at Yejun's.
- Oh, this is fun. This is really
fun. - Since there are five of us...
I'm curious. Because I'm curious about mine too.
Let's move on to Noah.
Okay. 'Noah...'
'...his two feet...'
'...is a blank.'
A blank.
His two feet.
Doesn't wash them?
Doesn't wash them? Is it a habit, maybe?
Wow, nice.
Isn't that your habit?
If not, never mind.
I'm someone who takes a long time to wash...
Scratching both feet?
Huh? Both feet like this?
Rubbing them.
Rubbing them?
- Two feet - I'm not sure.
- Two feet - Noah, two feet...
What about two feet?
- Two feet... - Wait, Noah, two feet?
Two feet?
Ah, two feet.
- Is it something like this? Like this? -
Two feet... He takes good care of his hair.
Hair? Ah, hair on the head?
No, it's 'two feet'.
- It's 'two' space 'feet' -
Since it's 'two' space 'feet'.
Oh, you're right.
Two feet...
- Snap them together? - I can't imagine it.
Snap them together like this?
- Really? - Snap them together?
Diamond?
So I'm standing like this and then suddenly...
I do this? Oh, really?
- Me? - I think that's what it means.
Well, that's possible.
Now, shall we put it in?
- You can insist on it. - Time to change.
Sitting with legs close together.
- Sitting with feet close together. - Like this?
- I can totally insist on this.
- Wait, I sit like this? Me?
Noah-hyung always does this.
I always do this.
Let's take a look at the footage.
Let's see the footage.
Like this.
Oh, like this.
The sound effect is so cute.
They have that habit.
Is that comfortable?
- Did you know? - Yeah, you're right.
I didn't know. Wow, I really didn't know.
Wow, but I think you can only
see this if you love them.
Exactly.
Wow, I didn't know.
Wow.
I didn't know this either.
Making a heart like this...
Oh, I see.
You can't deny this.
- Take a look at this. - This is, this is...
- Don't I do this more often
today? - Since there's evidence...
Right. And then sometimes you
bring them together like this.
You really see yourself as Teto, don't you?
No, it's not that. I...
- I should start some other
habits too. - I am Teto.
Oh, really?
Start making some habits.
I should make a habit like this.
I should make a cute habit.
Oh, I didn't know that until now.
That's cute. It's cute.
Good job with the consulting.
Good job. The consulting was a success.
I think it worked.
It worked, it worked. Ah,
that's why I didn't know.
Yes. That makes sense.
Now, let's look at the next one.
This is fun.
They're so full of love.
How do you know things like this?
'When Noah is still...'
'...is [blank]'
-Is [blank] -When Noah is still
When he's still
He crosses his arms
-Wow -Crosses his arms?
Right, I think I really do cross my arms a lot
Noah is best when he's doing nothing
No,
A hate comment?
No, I said it because I like it...
It's not a hate comment, I'm saying I like it.
Just stay still for a second.
I really like it.
You're the prettiest when you're still.
The most beautiful.
I like it.
When Noah stays still...
Oh, I'm not sure about anything else but this.
I hope this is the right answer.
Do you have any other opinions?
- Any other opinions? -
What else could there be?
I don't have any other opinions.
Oh, really? Shall we check? Shall we check?
- Oh, shall we check? - Let's see.
Yes, let's see.
Rubbing their legs or the chair?
- Rubbing? - Oh, I've seen this too.
Oh, I know people do this rubbing thing a lot.
They do this a lot. They really do.
This?
- Like this, constantly.
- What is it? What is it?
You're going to rub your skin raw.
It's going to start smelling
like chicken poop, seriously.
Why are they rubbing?
Why are you doing that?
Well, this is...
Look, even now.
I know this habit all too well.
Is it because you're a bit
embarrassed? No, look at this.
You rest it there, and look,
it's digging into your finger.
Yes.
Trying not to show this, you move forward...
...adjusting your hands like
this, and then suddenly...
- "Oh, whatever." - "No, it's not like that!"
I think that's what's going on.
No, hyung, I think I've seen
you do that normally too.
I do this normally?
Yeah, like when you're just
sitting still, you do this.
Oh, really?
Yeah. Do you do that normally?
What, did you get a mosquito bite?
Wait, why are you rubbing the chair?
Hmm, but I'm not so sure.
Let's take a look.
Rubbing the chair? Like this?
Oh, I know this.
Ah, sliding it like this.
This is it.
That's not the point.
He keeps rubbing it.
I see.
He keeps doing that.
It's a cute habit.
Why are you rubbing it like that?
He looks very, very shy.
But if you combine these two
movements, it looks like this.
Right, right.
Why is he still doing that?
He's putting his legs together again.
Wait, it looks a bit weird
with the legs together.
He looks a bit restless.
Restless?
Rest... yes.
Restless.
Oh, at that moment...
What? Why is he stroking the chair? The chair?
What's wrong with him?
Why is he doing that?
Companion... Isn't that his
pet chair at this point?
Why is he like that?
He's really stroking the chair.
Why is he doing that?
He's kneading it.
Why is he doing that? Still?
What's going on?
He seems to be enjoying it a bit?
Why is he like that?
What? What is it?
Wow.
We've even seen the evidence like this.
Shall we all try it together?
Like this?
Like this earlier. Great.
Now, like this...
—I'm also curious about Noah-hyung's
third habit. —He touches it like this.
Great.
Good.
Good, I'm seeing this for
the first time. Now, next...
'When Noah finds something
really funny, he is [blank].'
Answer!
When Noah finds something really funny,
he pushes the person next to him.
He hits.
Right, right, right, right, right.
Why does he hit so much?
Oh, I think hitting knees is also one.
Wait, is that Bamby?
No, he hits the person next to him.
Hitting the person next to
him. I'm 100% sure about this.
Like this.
Pointing a finger?
No, I've got it.
Pointing, pointing.
They're doing this.
Oh, right.
Huh? Pointing at someone?
- That's also right. - It's usually pointing.
I just figured it out.
This is the answer.
I'm certain.
Bowing the head.
Ah, this is also right.
Ah, bowing the head.
But everyone knows this already.
Isn't it something like "catching a crack"?
"Catching a crack"?
Yes, this crack...
- I think one of these is the
answer. - Catching a crack.
Shall we take a look?
- Let's see. - No answer?
Lifting a foot?
- Lifting a foot? - Ah.
Like this?
That's a variety show reaction.
Hyung, he's definitely...
Shall we take a look at the footage?
Is that so? Does he always do that?
I should do it like this. Like this.
Ah, you're stomping like this.
He'd be good at Krumping.
He's hitting it.
- I told you he's hitting it. -
You look so cute like this, hyung.
Who just laughed?
Oh? Did you hear it again?
- Oh, you're right. He's doing it
like this. - Wow, that's fascinating.
Wow, that's so cool.
Wow. Using the core...
Oh, you can lift it even while lying down?
Oh, but it's the right leg.
Definitely.
It's the right leg.
You're right.
Look, right leg.
But it's the left leg here?
Why do they keep doing this?
I don't know, I don't know.
Wow, how did they catch that?
- Right? PLLI is the best. - How did they know?
That's amazing.
Alright.
There's more.
Another one of Noah's habits...
Also, "doing a cheek heart
when asked to do aegyo."
Cheek heart.
A bit half-heartedly.
Ah, okay, so I'm not smiling.
Half-heart...
Just kidding.
Like doing cheek hearts,
'Closing eyes when kissing,'
And saying 'mye' instead of 'ne'.
Mye. Mye? Come on.
That's a bit much.
You still haven't fixed this habit, hyung?
Huh? You still haven't fixed...
You just said 'mye?' just now.
Eh?
- You said 'mye', 'mye'. - Eh?
Hey. It wasn't 'mye'...
hyung, you still couldn't fix it just now.
'Mye'?
PLLI watched us so well with their 'mye' eyes.
With hawk's eyes.
With 'mye' eyes.
Wow, you really say 'mye' instead of 'ne'.
Seriously.
And covering your mouth with your hand
when surprised? What does that mean?
Like this? You cover it like this?
—Oh, right, he does that.
—Yes, he does that a lot.
- He does that a lot. - Oh my god, oh my god.
Ah, right, right. I think I know what you mean.
'Hey, did you really do that?'
Ah, right, right.
Right, right.
Ah, okay, okay. - such cute
habits. - Those are cute habits.
Oh, I'm curious. I'm really curious.
- I'm getting more and more curious. -
Seriously, PLLI is getting so crowded.
Man, none of us knew about this.
How would we know?
Exactly. Really.
Now, next...
Bamby, why don't you go...
- It's Bamby's turn. - Bamby is...
He's famous for having no habits
- among the members. - Oh, nice.
I think he'd have many habits.
We haven't gotten a single
one right so far, have we?
Yeah.
Okay. - Ah, let's really get one right this
time. - I should start guessing correctly now.
Okay, I'll really get it right.
Let's try to guess it.
"When Bamby concentrates..."
-'Is a blank' -Gets sleepy
What? -Gets sleepy, gets sleepy -He always
looks like he's sleeping when he focuses
You're saying I'm sleeping
-Bamby can't focus when
he's focusing -Gets sleepy
Nice
Oh, this is a bit...
-But it's true? -Doesn't it make sense?
-It could be a habit, in a way
-It makes sense, it makes sense
Bamby never has a moment of focus
What are you talking about?
hyung.
This is...
- Lift your right foot,
right foot. - That's so mean.
Please do this quickly.
Everyone together.
What do you want me to do? Like this?
Ah, this, this.
Now, what does Bamby do when he concentrates?
When he concentrates.
Oh, I think I know.
I got it.
I know this one.
Isn't it this? Huh?
He clasps his hands?
- Doesn't he clasp his hands
like this? - Clasping his hands?
No. No?
When he's concentrating, like
when he's playing Cassidy...
Okay.
He drools.
Wow, he drools.
I totally get it.
Is it this? He claps once when he concentrates.
Oh, clapping like this?
No. No, but earlier he
clapped and just kept reading.
Oh, that's him focusing.
That was him focusing?
- He wasn't very focused at all. -
I mean, there's nothing to focus on.
No.
the comments are saying 'Meum'.
Meum.
Meum. This.
Oh, this expression?
- This is 100% it. - Keeping
the mouth like this...
Pressing the lips together?
Yeah, I know this one.
This is it. Let's take a look.
The answer. - Both hands
are synchronized. - What?
You're wrong.
Do you have trouble focusing?
No?
You were mistaken.
- They're asking us to look at
the hands. - Shall we take a look?
Oh, like this?
that's what babies...
They say it's a habit babies have.
Wow, it's exactly the same.
In the back.
Why is the one in the back doing that too?
What's this?
Why are they like that?
But this is really packed with love for PLLI.
Seriously, how do you know this?
I mean, this...
Hyung, you've been using
‘packed with love’ since earlier.
Where did you get that...
I'm trying to sound a bit
like the MZ generation.
I mean, that...
Where did you hear this?
Where did you hear it?
It's awkward.
- I picked up a new phrase. - It's
awkward, but I'm just doing it.
Wait, where did you get that from? Where?
Intentionally.
"Packed with love"
- I'm asking where you
got it. - It's an old one.
Exactly, you shouldn't try
to sound like Gen Z here.
- But it's because... - This is way too old.
- Why did you bring back something that
old? - It's too much. It's so obvious.
Hyung, you used that tone in
the waiting room recently too.
Like saying "Everyone" for no reason.
- It really surprised me. - "I'm hungry."
- Like when he said, "I'm
done." - I got goosebumps.
"I'm done with this."
He kept doing it on purpose.
I really got goosebumps.
Huh? Why is our hyung suddenly...
...acting so out of character?
Oh, it's really tight. It's tight.
- It's tight, it's tight. - This is
fun for the first time in a while.
Tight with love.
Yes, tight with love.
Great.
Okay, let's move on to the second one for Bamby.
'Bamby adds [blank] to
the end of his sentences.'
- At the end? - Wow, at the end?
- Oh, 'Ja' is at the beginning. - It's like...
- Wow, I have no idea. - At the end?
'You know what I mean?'
At the end?
No.
Like, 'Let's see'?
'Ho ho ho'? 'Let me see...'
- Oh, this is Noah-hyung. - 'Let me see'?
- Isn't 'Let me see' Bamby? - Huh? Wait, wait.
- The answer just came out. - Oh, 'Wait'?
- Oh, it's 'Wait a second'. - 'Wait a second'?
No. - Oh, 'Know what I'm sayin'?'
- 'Know what I'm sayin'?'
Oh, but this...
This is, well...
This... isn't used that much.
- But that one was really
popular for a while. - But why?
- For a while? Is it out
of style? - Right, right.
- Why do you keep asking if I understand...
- People did that a lot for a while...
I tried to make this a trend.
- More than you'd think.
- Why do you keep asking?
You know I was the first
one to do that too, right?
Oh, really?
Seriously.
You're really oozing MZ vibes.
No, I did it a few times myself.
And they kept copying me exactly.
- Honestly, I thought, "Why is he stealing
my thing?" - He says it was stolen.
- This is... PLLI... - Stole it?
Seriously. We'll find out.
Who did it first.
I really was the first one.
On air. I really was the first one.
- We'll find the footage. - Wow, this is...
- Seriously, he saw me do it and...
- Now, about the ownership...
-...took it exactly as it was.
- What are you talking about?
No, it's not.
Okay, there's a debate over
the ownership right now.
No. Man, this is so unfair.
Just saying 'You know what I mean?' versus...
I say it habitually...
-Since I said 'You know
wha' I mean?' -'Wha' I mean'
-The vibe is different though. -'Wha' I mean'
-Let's take a look. -Shall
we take a look? Shall we?
Oh, you've been using it until recently.
You really have.
Oh, you're right. You use it a lot.
-It really is a habit. -If I don't know
what you mean, will you explain it?
-You just feel it. -What happens if I say 'no'?
I won't. -I'm saying you should just
feel it, feel it. -Oh, so no explanation?
- I'm saying you have to feel
it. - You just have to feel it.
Do... do you know what I mean?
You know what I mean.
Alright, so he had this habit.
- You know what I mean. -
Shall we look at the third one?
'When Bamby is excited...'
- '...he is [blank].' - He...
This is definitely true. He drools.
Because he really...
- I think this is right. - If he drools...
Right, he does this.
-Because this is exciting...
-Right, right, right, right.
Catherine, Catherine.
Catherine.
-Oh, really? -I'm telling you.
That sounds plausible.
I think this is right.
Yeah, it's right.
-Wow. -It's right.
Yeah, I got it right.
See, I'm right.
- Shall we take a look? -
But is it okay to air this?
- This is insane... - I know exactly what it is.
It's so cheeky.
Wait, I want to see a compilation of this.
Oh, it's a compilation.
He's just a baby.
But he's an idol...
The spit...
He keeps...
Oh, you're right.
He swallows so much.
Oh, that's true.
What's going on?
I don't know. I didn't know about this.
Does he produce a lot of saliva?
You shouldn't watch this.
he does suck in his saliva a bit.
- Oh, you didn't know? - Seriously...
It's really bad, especially when he plays Mario.
PLLIs, you should look for this.
When things are going well with Catherine.
Go check it out.
It's going to be crazy.
Should I get him a suction
machine as a birthday gift?
A suction machine?
Suction.
Oh, he just lifted his foot again.
Oh, right, right.
Suction.
Suction, wow.
Now, and additionally,
Also, 'smiling with eyes when awkward,'
And 'grabbing the person next to you.'
'Leaving work early after filming a challenge.'
'When something's a shame,
the mouth goes 'mmm','
making a 'meum' shape.
-There are things like this. -Like this.
Ah, that's great. I had no idea about these.
Wow, packed with love.
It's packed tight, everyone.
Love is packed tight.
- Nice. - It's really packed tight.
Now, Eunho.
Yes. Let's go.
'Eunho is a square when he smiles.'
- Is it too obvious? - Oh, I know this.
Sexy.
When Eunho laughs...
His body shakes.
Shakes?
He laughs like this.
Oh, come on, hyung.
He really laughs like this.
—Hey, there's a recoil.
—Hyung, what...
There's a recoil, a recoil.
What do you mean his body shakes?
What is this? What... what is this?
Ah, a little bit...
- It's not like you're a food
fighter - From some point on...
Why are you laughing like that?
You weren't like this before.
At some point, you started syncing with me,
and then you went beyond me
and turned into SpongeBob.
Oh, look at this.
See? I told you.
Ah.
I just saw it.
You bow when you laugh.
Huh?
Me?
Yeah.
- Oh, that's true too. - Am I right?
- Right, right. That's also true. - Is that it?
And the answer is?
- Leaning on a member while
laughing. - Leaning while laughing.
Ah, like this?
When do I ever do that?
- I've never seen you lean while laughing.
- I think you've leaned on me a lot.
- You have, you have. - Me? Yeah, you have.
No way.
Shall we take a look?
Is it Noah-hyung?
- Yeah, you did that to me a lot. - Yeah, yeah.
Oh, right, right, right.
Aw, how cute.
Oh, this is cute.
So cute.
Cute, this is cute.
He's such a puppy.
What's that?
Why is he like that? Yeah,
just wait, it's really there.
This is cute, this is cute.
It's there.
True.
What's with them?
It really is there.
This, this, like... it goes like this.
Ah, I'm so happy.
But I'm so happy the whole time I'm watching.
- I was so happy. - Yeah, this is happy.
It's so, so fun...
- Because I'm so happy. - But this is so cute.
- There's a reason why everyone
likes it. - Ah, it's cute.
But in the video so far,
- He hasn't leaned on Bamby
even once. - That's true.
Really?
You're right. Wait, wait.
Oh, seriously, what?
Let's see.
Oh, for real? Is there any footage?
He really doesn't lean on him?
- No, I have leaned on him before.
- We might find it if we look.
I remember
- He says he remembers - I have leaned on him.
But since Bamby is a bit small...
- You have to lean down further. - Ah, exactly.
- It's hard on the back. - Ah, right, right.
It needs to support you well...
There needs to be a sense of stability,
but since it slides away,
it shouldn't just slide away like this.
So it needs to be supported.
So everyone had someone? One by one?
Everyone did.
—Maybe it only skipped Bamby.
—Hyung, did you have someone?
I did.
Seriously...
No, why, why...
Lean on me from now on.
Okay.
Then normally, when you feel like
laughing and no one's around...
You fall over.
Don't you hold it in?
Exactly, you keep laughing until
someone you can lean on shows up.
You know what I mean?
So, if you're at home alone
and you start laughing...
Then, in the elevator...
He's crying, he's crying.
Quickly... lean on me, hyung.
-Quickly, lean on me. -Lean, lean.
Lean, lean on me.
That's it, I found it.
Wow, I'm tearing up. This is crazy.
We finally met, we're finally meeting.
- He really needs a shoulder to lean on. - He needs a
shoulder to lean on, he needs a shoulder to lean on.
If a PLLI is walking down the street,
- Eunho might suddenly lean on you.
- Oh, my nose is starting to run.
- Right, don't be flustered. - Don't
be flustered, don't be flustered.
Just make him laugh.
He just needed someone to lean on.
That's right.
Yu Hamin is crazy.
My side hurts. I'm tearing up...
My side hurts.
Seriously, what is wrong with you?
Your ribs are all twisted up. Are you okay?
This is dangerous, dangerous.
No, but seriously, your ribs are all twisted up?
Wait, I need to massage this out. Seriously.
I need to work this out.
Wow, you're covered in tears, hyung.
Hyung, you're really bursting with laughter.
Hey, didn't Bonggu drool on this?
—Seriously, hyung.
—I should drool on it.
Can't we do a big one?
We're bursting with laughter today.
Bursting.
-Bursting with endorphins. -Bursting, bursting.
Bursting with endorphins.
Oh, my ribs are so tight right now.
Wow.
- Wow - Oh, Yu Hamin
Wow
Are you okay? If you're okay...
I'm literally tearing up.
That was so good just now.
How do you even think of that...
Okay, okay. Seriously, what are you?
He's crying.
What am I?
Wow, seriously.
I think that's the most I've laughed all year.
I'm actually tearing up from laughing.
He's really crying.
Great. I'll be able to sleep soundly tonight.
The elevator one was just...
It was so funny. It was packed with laughs.
- Wow, seriously. - My stomach hurts. My side...
We still have two more
of Eunho-hyung's habits left.
There are still two more left.
I wonder what these two will be.
Now, the second one.
Please show us.
I shouldn't laugh, it's cracking.
"Eunho is [blank] when he's surprised."
When he's surprised?
It's not over yet, it's not over yet.
It's not over yet.
It's okay.
- I'm really holding back my
laughter. - It's okay, it's okay.
Eunho... what if Eunho gets surprised?
Want to guess, hyung?
Give it a guess.
- Okay, okay. - Stop it, stop it.
I'm stopping.
Stop what, hyung?
You're stopping?
We have to do that too. Why stop?
Don't cry.
I made Noah-hyung cry again.
This is driving me crazy, seriously.
Now, what does Eunho do when he's surprised?
Try to guess.
Noah... Noah...
Calm down.
- Now, now. - Stop it.
Okay, okay.
- Every time you speak... -
I told you we can't stop yet.
-You have to do mine too. -But seriously,
if you laugh more, your ribs
will curl in even more...
This is something you really
need to be careful about.
If it's too funny, go to the hospital.
Stop it, stop it.
Where... where did you hear that?
Don't come to see me, go to the hospital.
I'll tell you later.
That thing...
You know,
Okay, okay, okay.
When I was taking vocal lessons,
the teacher...
Calm down and I'll try to guess.
Let's try to guess, hyung.
- When he's surprised... - Stop it, seriously.
When Eunho is surprised,
he eats.
When he's surprised, he eats...
- When he's surprised... - He has a meal.
When surprised, nothing...
It's like scratching something.
No reaction.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure, shall we take a look?
I think I've heard of it.
-They go 'Eh?' -Right, right.
Even a cute habit like this.
Is there such a thing?
-Everyone does this. -It's cute.
They say the YouTube stream keeps
lagging, so please check it.
YouTube is lagging?
Shall we have a glass of water?
Since it's lagging anyway.
I need a tissue...
This is your tumbler, hyung.
But doesn't everyone know 'Eueh?'
No. Yeah, it's mine. 'Eueh?', 'Eueh?' is...
But you say 'Eh?' so accurately.
Eh?
They say it's lagging even after refreshing.
Please check it
as soon as possible.
Today is PLLI's birthday,
so it's a very important day.
YouTube is really lagging, right?
It's lagging, it's lagging right now.
The Wi-Fi is lagging.
Give us some water.
They say it's lagging too much.
Weverse isn't lagging.
They say Weverse isn't lagging, so if
it's cutting out too much for you...
Should we go to Weverse? What should we do?
Wait a second.
Hydration break time.
Yes, time for a water break.
Wait, okay.
Hydration...
- Ah, okay. - Great.
Alright, let's keep moving.
Moving right along.
Last one is Eunho.
Eunho [blanks] during the broadcast.
Blanks?
I have the answer!
During the broadcast, Eunho...
...daydreams.
Huh? Me?
Spacing out
Can't focus
Spacing out?
- I think 'spacing out' is right. - Spacing out
Me?
Yeah, spacing out
Shall we check it out?
Okay
What's a puppy face wash?
Isn't it this?
- Why would I do that? -
What's a puppy face wash?
- I'm doing that? - Are we puppies?
Puppy. Wait, why would I do this?
- Oh, this, this, this. - Isn't it a cat?
This, this.
- He's doing this. - Why
is this a puppy face wash?
This is fixing your hair.
Shall we take a look?
Look.
Oh, like this, with one hand...
Oh, he's rubbing his eyes.
But why is he suddenly rubbing his eyes?
I know, right?
Oh, I really didn't know he did that.
Whoa, what's that?
He's rubbing them hard.
Oh, he really is!
Oh, they have a lot of eye crust.
- Oh, they're really rubbing
their eyes like that. - They are?
It's so cute with that sound effect.
Oh.
Oh, and lately...
Oh, for their health, it's quite...
That's bad for the skin, isn't it?
It's bad.
It really is.
It's not good.
That...
That's something that should be fixed.
- But it's cute, so we let it
slide. - If it's cute, it's fine.
Alright, great. Besides that,
among Eunho's habits,
'Stretching out wide'
'and rotating your hands
when bringing them down'?
Rotating them?
Doesn't everyone do this?
Like this.
- Like this. - You turn it like this?
- Yes, with your wrist too. - You're right.
Oh, really?
Eunho does it like that.
- I guess so. - That's more comfortable.
And you know that 'Euhaha'
when he's awkward or shy?
Euhahaha, I do that?
- Euhahaha. - Oh, not this one.
I totally know that one.
- Now, another habit. - That one too? No way.
Flower pose
You know, this. This.
- You know, this. This. - What do you mean?
Come on. Okay, I'll give you
the hand gestures while singing.
I'll give you the hand gestures.
- You know this. - Not that.
The flower pose and the 'euhaha' laugh.
No, I'm telling you,
We need some footage for this.
All right.
Eunho, that was great.
Yes, moving on. Now, for Hamin's...
Oh, I'm curious about this.
Alright, alright.
It's a blank. A blank?
A blank?
When he...
...laughs, he laughs weirdly?
When Hamin laughs?
It's endearing.
Hamin laughs like an old man.
Like an old man.
He laughs like an old man.
- Oh, right. - You know what I mean.
How do I laugh?
You laugh like this. What kind
of old man laughs like that?
The man next door?
When he laughs?
- No, I don't know. - It's hard, it's hard.
He doesn't have any special habits
You know, when you laugh...
Do you know what I mean? You don't know?
With your eyes wide open.
- You laugh like this. - Oh, that's just a joke.
That's just being funny.
- Shall we see? Let's take a look. -
You really don't know variety shows.
Closing his eyes.
Oh, right.
His expression...
Right, Hamin closes his eyes.
Shall we take a look?
- Right, right, right. - I... my eyes...
He's cute.
Closing his eyes...
But Noah-hyung is in it a lot.
Oh, this makes you close
your eyes automatically.
His eye sockets look really
cool when he closes his eyes.
Thank you.
You look great when you smile.
I'll make sure to smile more.
I like it when you close your eyes.
- You're cute. - So, we've
looked at these first.
Now, we're having some issues
with the stream cutting out.
To adjust the broadcast,
everyone, they say there will
be some buffering for a moment.
Okay.
Please wait.
So, was I just laughing like crazy by myself?
No, after that.
Probably up to that point.
Oh, really?
Well, the audio and everything is
being recorded properly, right?
I really hope so.
Today was legendary, I was literally crying.
If they didn't get to see this properly...
That's such a shame.
I'll make you laugh again.
No, no, our PLLI...
- It's PLLI's birthday today
- Laughing together and all
- Exactly - You should be happy
But today, it feels like
it's your birthday, hyung
Alright, great
They say it's ready
Now, let's hear Hamin's story next
'When Hamin was young...'
'...he was a square' When he was young?
I wanted to be Spider-Man when I was young.
Oh, you're right.
That's still the case even now.
When I was young.
When you were young?
How young exactly?
Maybe during the trainee days?
That's true.
When I was young,
I acted very cute.
Maybe something like this?
When you were young?
I did Taekwondo.
When I was young.
My voice was deeper?
So you mean when you were a trainee?
Yes.
When I was young.
I seemed like an oppa when I was young.
An oppa.
Shall we check the answer?
Yes.
Back then...
Put hands on the waist?
Oh, this?
What is it? What is it?
Oh, during trainee days?
Shall we see?
Let's take a look. Oh, I did this a lot.
It's not the waist, but this...
It's a habit everyone knows.
I know, I know.
Those were cute days.
Ah, the pose is definitely...
Because he's confident in his muscles.
Ah, back then...
At that time...
In the past,
I taught kids...
There was a time when I taught them.
Oh, that's right.
Back then, when I was teaching children,
to get on their level,
I did things like this quite a lot.
The kids really liked it,
but if I did it scary like this,
if I do this,
the kids get a bit scared.
Now then, Hamin,
I think this has become a bit of a habit.
I feel like you haven't shown this in a while.
For the PLLIs who want to see it
again, please come to the center.
Please stand up and show us properly.
PLLI love is tight!
Great, that's good.
- Thank you. - PLLI love is tight!
And finally,
the long-awaited final habit of PLAVE.
Okay, 'When Hamin wants to be an oppa...'
'is [blank]'
Oh, I totally know this.
I totally know.
What is it?
Whenever Hamin wants to be an 'oppa'...
...every time...
...he requests a hair change.
Request, request.
That's...
Isn't that just a request and not a habit?
Oh, I know exactly.
When Hamin wants to be an 'oppa',
he gets cheesy.
Oh, he gets cheesy. - He gets
cheesy. - Yeah, being cheesy and...
'I'm your oppa, right?'
He has a bit of that vibe.
Ah, when Hamin wants to be an 'oppa',
When Hamin tries to act like an oppa,
he seems even younger.
That habit is...
Let's take a look first. I'm not sure myself.
Lifting the chin.
Oh! Lifting the chin?
Oh, yes.
Shall we watch this?
- Lifting the chin - Shall we watch a video?
Ah, I think I know what it is.
Like acting cool?
Yes, acting cool.
Right.
With the chin like this.
I get it
I think this one strand was really important.
Wow, there was something like this.
Man, why is he so handsome?
Wow, this is really something.
very handsome. I know, right?
Wow, this was a long time ago.
You were such a baby back then.
Did you have a cold at that time?
Your voice sounds very different too.
But I...
usually lift my chin anyway, so...
when I was doing 'Oppa'...
I'm not sure.
Well, anyway...
But people usually lift their chin
when they're trying to look cool.
That's true.
That's right.
But everyone does that.
This...
- Tissues, tissues. - Because
it's important. Oh, Bamby.
Oh dear. He made a mess.
Thank you.
- Now, Hamin... - There's something else.
Yes. Also, when playing rock-paper-scissors,
- He has a habit of tapping his
feet. - He taps them repeatedly.
Tap, tap, tap.
And when he was young, he
used to make a frog face...
A frog face?
He used to make it.
So I'm told.
What was it like?
I did make frog faces a lot.
- How? - Like this?
Yes.
Like...
You used to do this a lot.
- But you really don't do
it lately. - Nemo, Nemo.
—You're trying to act like an oppa lately.
—You've really become one now.
Definitely. The concept
has completely taken over.
You've definitely lost
some baby fat in your face.
Now that it's gone...
- Right, right. - You lost it, you lost a lot.
Thank you.
And then there's 'sticking your
face in front of the older members.'
Sticking it in...
Sticking your face in.
Like this?
Oh, I know this, I know this.
And also, 'Call me when the live stream ends.'
'Hi hi'
- These are... - They're
habits I already knew about.
- You knew all of them? - Yes.
I don't think I discovered anything new.
I guess you're a bit disappointed.
I am a bit disappointed.
Can't you tell me more?
I want to find out things you didn't know.
I wanted to know things like that too.
Anyway, I'm sure there will
be something eventually.
Right, because we're so full of love.
- Share the remaining habits on
Bubble or Weverse. - Okay, okay.
Please let us know.
Great.
Alright.
Oh, New-ple who haven't seen
the frog face are crying.
- Please show us. - Show us.
- Ah, right, right. There it
is. - It's coming out a bit.
It brings back old memories.
Ribbit. Thank you.
Ribbit.
Alright, great.
We even got to learn about habits that
the members themselves didn't know about.
That's right.
You guys always...
...love everything about PLAVE,
every habit and every quirk.
You find every single one of them.
That's great.
Yes.
I think we got to see a different
side of everyone once again.
Yes, I think you're right Hamin.
Yes.
I think so.
What?
- Hurry up. - Let's sing a song.
Let's sing 'I Think So.'
He says let's sing. Let's sing.
- Okay. - Sounds good.
We're going to sing 'I Think So'
now to celebrate the birthday.
[Singing]
The song... Because I laughed so much earlier.
Ah
My voice is a bit strained,
but still,
[Singing]
Now, we're going to perform
"I Think So" for you.
Let's go!
Let's go.
[PLAVE performs “I Think So”]
Happy birthday, PLLI!
Hey, hey
[PLAVE performs “I Think So”]
Let's go
Thank you
I Think
- No matter when I listen to
this - The song is really good
I think this song is great
no matter when you sing it.
The song is so good.
I laughed so much I couldn't sing.
We all laughed so much.
Seriously
[Singing]
The song is so good.
Now, shall we take a seat?
Now that we've sung a song...
Sounds good.
Now, everyone,
[Singing]
Let's continue with the talk.
"I Think So" doesn't have a choreography.
Actually, we had no
intention of doing it at all,
Freestyle.
It's very disappointing... It's a shame.
This is a bit of a shame.
A little bit.
Someday.
- I think it would be nice.
- In about five years?
- In five years... - In five years, it'll be...
Will you wait for us? Right, right.
I hope you'll wait for us.
Yes.
Alright, everyone.
So, naturally...
When we were doing 'I Think So'...
I heard you all sang along.
—That part.
—On Weverse.
Exactly.
What, what, what, what, what?
Oh, they all sang that part together.
Oh, really?
Oh, it doesn't have a fan chant yet.
What are we going to do?
What should we do?
It's pretty easy, right?
But actually,
Actually, there's no
choreography, and the fan chant...
- But... - It's true there isn't one, actually.
Who said we're performing this at the concert?
Well, we're going to sing it
Oh, are we going to sing it?
Should we not sing it?
Wait, we already did it at the Weverse
Con, why are you being like this?
We have to, we have to.
Seriously.
Okay, sounds good.
Let's just stand still and sing.
Okay.
- The song... - This...
The song itself is...
Yes, because the song itself is powerful.
But actually, even with the fan chants...
You know the vibe.
Right.
[They demonstrate a fan chant]
How is it? Good, right?
[They demonstrate the fan chant]
It's good. The words fit tightly.
[They demonstrate a fan chant]
We could fit it in like that.
I like it.
[They demonstrate a fan chant]
[They refine the fan chant]
We can do it like this.
Saying 'Oh' at the end,
Like this from the side,
Leaning like this and laughing,
—To the person next to you...
—Hyung, isn't this cute?
At that part, then...
Right, right.
—And the response...
—Isn't this cute too?
—The response...
—Right, that's it.
- I don't think so. -
Right, right, that's right.
Great.
Anyway, they say habits at
three last until eighty, but...
What do you mean 'eighty'?
We're going to love PLAVE forever, aren't we?
- We are. - That's right.
Right. So, in order for us
to stay together forever,
we wrote down some habits we'd like you to have.
Yes, we wrote down some habits.
We'll reveal them one by one.
Oh.
Alright.
Shall we start with Hamin then?
Shall we reveal it?
Please reveal it.
Now.
'PLLI is'
'When hanging out with PLLIs,'
'a square.'
So, Hamin wrote this, right?
Yes.
Something I want them to do.
When PLLI hangs out with PLLIs,
A new habit for Forever PLLI,
I hope they develop this kind of habit.
-PLLI... -Right.
PLLI... For the rest of their lives,
I wish they'd do this when
hanging out with other PLLIs.
That's what you're saying, right?
What is it?
I hope they get along well.
- Among PLLIs. - Right.
That would be nice. Right, right.
Show us.
Sharing updates on how PLLIs are doing.
With each other.
Hearing how PLLIs are doing
for the rest of my life...
-With each other. -And
sharing updates on myself.
That's...
Isn't that when PLLIs hang out with each other?
Exactly, I mean PLLIs talking among themselves.
Ah, among PLLIs.
Well... there's that too. Yes.
But,
Actually, it wasn't like that
when I received the questionnaire.
-His pupils are shaking in panic... -I...
I think I misread... I think I misread it.
I think I misread it.
I misunderstood it as them telling me.
When PLAVE plays with PLLI?
-Yes. -Ah, you understood it that way.
I understood it that way, but...
Anyway, it's all meant well, isn't it?
Right, right, right. Exactly, exactly.
And catching that right away,
Because your eyes were shaking so much.
- Were your eyes shaking again? - Shake, shake.
But we were busy. It was chaotic.
We were busy, but we did our absolute best.
- Yes. - Great.
Now, everyone, our...
- Let's see what else Noah has. - Noah.
Now, PLLI, going to a concert is [blank].
Wow, you're not going to say
something obvious, right?
I won't say anything obvious.
Well, something obvious...
- I feel like there'll be something novel. - It's
obvious, but 'I hope you enjoy the concert'...
I mean, it's usually something like that, right?
No, it's not.
- Like, when you go to a
concert, energy... - What is it?
...getting a lot of it.
Oh, don't tell me.
No way, really?
Well, they do things like that.
Seriously, no way.
Anything but that.
It wouldn't be that, right?
Since it's what everyone says.
I really hope they don't talk
about 'energy', seriously.
Let's leave out 'energy'.
But then again, using words like 'a lot'...
Not even 'moderately'...
Shall we take a look at the answer first?
Alright, the answer is...
Everyone, when you go to a concert,
you should take home a lot of energy.
Oh, you wrote this as well.
Of course you should take it.
A whole lot.
A lot.
A middle-aged lady?
What? What's this?
What... why like this?
-What's your intention? -Why did you do this?
That's how I feel.
Anyway, coming all the way to the concert
venue and watching our performance...
Yes, yes.
Anyway,
coming here and making great memories,
Right, right.
hope in life,
energy, -Yes. -That's good.
The driving force of life
Even a driving force
- Just a little more - Something like this
Just a little more
Huh?
The energy is flowing well
It's flowing well.
Wow.
Comfort.
This kind of happiness,
from things like this,
I get a lot of good energy,
and I live my life with that recharge.
I always hope for that.
It's so good.
I see. I've gained so much energy.
Yes.
All right, great.
Shall we move on? Moving on.
Bamby.
When PLLI watches the live stream,
it's a [blank].
This square...
...is quite big.
The square is pretty big. They
must have had a lot to say.
No way. Surely they didn't go
on and on with a long message?
Surely not something like,
'Leave your worries...
...behind today'?
Don't copy me again.
It's not something like 'Eat
something delicious,' right?
Or 'Let's be happy together'?
Since it's a live stream, he wouldn't have
said something as obvious as "2 hours," right?
He wouldn't do that.
- Come on, of course not. - Obviously.
He wouldn't say that.
Surely not.
let's see the answer.
Oh, you shouldn't hear this.
Let's see the answer.
Please read it out.
- PLLI... - That's so cliché.
When you watch our live stream, let go of
all your worries and anxieties for the day,
and spend these two hours fully laughing
with us while eating something delicious.
Fully.
That's a given.
Of course.
Definitely.
Now, let's look at the next one.
It's Yejun-hyung's.
Yejun-hyung.
This is driving me crazy.
- Our Yejun... - He's intense.
He said, "When PLLI's day is too
hard and exhausting, it's [blank]."
Hey, this is...
No way.
- This is really... - No way.
- No way. - Surely not just...?
Well, I had a really hard day today.
That's too... it can't be that, hyung.
I had a hard time, Yejun.
Tell me.
Come on, no way, hyung.
He's not that kind of person.
The hyung I know isn't that kind of person,
especially as PLAVE's leader.
Noah-hyung, that was going too far.
-He'd never do that. -What could it mean?
Now, shall we check the answer?
It's "I'm tired."
Hamin got it right.
It's exactly like when we did "Energy."
Oh, everyone expected that.
PLLI, it was hard, right?
Oh, Yejun is tired.
Oh, I'm really tired. Oh, Yejun, I'm tired.
Oh, your blood sugar is low, right?
The PD says it's incredible too.
Anyway,
It's just as you expected.
They say you just need to say,
"Yejun, I'm having a hard time."
Please tell him you're having a hard time.
Please say it.
- Please say it. - Great.
Now, moving on,
Eunho,
Holly Molly.
PLLI is [blank] when they love PLAVE too much.
Oh, I don't think you'll be able to guess this.
- Really? - I have no idea what
kind of flirting he'll pull.
Hey. Like, saying things like 'Adore Eunho'?
Hey.
Love Yourself?
Of course, for 'Love Yourself'...
Are you going for a Justin Bieber vibe?
- No way, that makes no sense.
- No way, that's impossible.
Let's check the answer.
What is this?
-What is this? What is this? What
is this? -This is "Love Yourself."
What is this?
Wait, wait, wait, wait.
This is so wrong.
Sing a line of "Love Yourself."
What?
One, two... What?
Love Yourself?
What country is that song from?
[Singing]
The lyrics came out right away.
No, the lyrics were all 'ja ja ja',
so I thought it was 'Ja'stin Bieber.
Justin Bieber.
Now, please read it.
Oh, it's gone.
Alright, good.
- Alright, good. - Let's make a resolution.
Yeah.
Yes. PLLI says it's funny too.
Ah, good. You suddenly had a
conversation with the cake.
A conversation with the cake all of a sudden?
You had a conversation with the cake.
Alright, good.
Now, now, now, now... shall we sing a song?
Now, I'll sing a song with all my heart.
Sounds good.
A song again?
Dear PLLI
Wow, all those 'ja-ja-ja's.
Now, everyone take a microphone.
We're getting the microphones.
Yes, yes, yes, yes, thank you.
We'll be using microphones.
Now, since it's our PLLI's birthday,
Dear PLLI
We'll sing it for you with lots of love.
Music, please.
Let's go
[PLAVE performs “Dear PLLI”]
Is it a lullaby?
[Singing]
[PLAVE performs “Dear PLLI”]
I think this is lip-syncing.
This is live.
[PLAVE performs “Dear PLLI”]
What's this? What's this?
Happy birthday, PLLI.
[PLAVE performs “Dear PLLI”]
It's been such a long time since
we sang 'Dear PLLI' like this.
- Oh, really? - I know, right?
Since the concert.
- It's the first time
since the concert. - Right.
Did we sing it once?
Did we? Did we?
We didn't.
This is the first time.
Right.
Anyway, PLLI, you're saying
'I love it' in the comments.
Since you like live performances...
You're really, really enjoying it.
Thank you.
Great.
- Okay. - Good. Yes.
Alright, we just sang "Dear PLLI."
A year ago, we also wrote
"Dear PLAVE" to ourselves.
Oh, did we?
Do you remember?
Writing those letters.
- You remember, right? -
Has it been a year already?
"Dear PLAVE"?
It's already been a year.
We did that and...
When we released the balloons?
That was already a year ago.
Wow. Isn't that crazy?
But you don't really remember it, do you?
Time flies so fast.
Actually,
It's a bit fuzzy for me.
Fuzzy.
Since we did so many things
over the past year...
Because it feels like we've done so much,
it's a bit hazy,
I have to remember, I have to
remember. It's a bit fuzzy.
Yes.
Alright. Great. Now, I don't think
our PLLIs have seen it yet either,
Shall we take a look?
Yes, shall we take a look?
Is something else coming? What
is it? What else is there?
- Huh? - It's buffering...
The disk failed to arrive in
Asterum. It says it didn't make it.
It has been confirmed that the
disk entered the lunar orbit,
This is bad.
To retrieve the disk, move the
moon to Asterum... To Asterum?
Wait, the disk went to... the moon?
Hey, we might get a slipped disk
trying to bring the moon back.
Wait, they're saying we have to bring the moon?
How are we supposed to bring the moon?
Hey, do you think we can
actually bring the moon?
Well, we have Eunho here, who
can even pluck the moon for you.
If it's for PLLI...
PLLI, for you, I can even pluck the moon.
His concept is so clear.
He's got a distinct style.
So...
But wait, isn't the moon a bit too big?
Exactly.
- How... well... - It is quite big.
- This... - Can we shrink it?
Well, things like this are all about confidence.
I even control the moon.
Show us how you do it.
Why wouldn't it work?
-Heart of the Moon, Heart of
the Moon -Ten years ago...
Heart of the Moon.
No way.
I'll show you.
Shouting magic.
Hey!
I said, shrink!
- Oh, what? - This actually works.
Did you see that?
I think the moon is a bit intimidated.
- It got smaller. - It works, everyone.
- It works. - Even the moon is scared.
It works.
- It works. - The moon is scared too.
It's scared of me.
Hey, then can you make it come closer too?
Hamin, that's exactly it.
With PLAVE's charm and cuteness,
we just need to pull the
moon closer little by little.
How should we show our charms?
Since they say it'll run away
if we don't show our charms,
Eunho, why don't you show us your charms?
Oh, please show us.
Here I go.
Now, are you ready?
Are you going to show your charms?
[Music]
Suddenly?
You're doing great, great, great!
[Music]
It's too weak, too weak.
- It's still too weak, still too
weak. - With this much charm...
It's still too weak.
I think the moon could definitely come.
The leader-hyung should
take a look at this too.
Oh, you're giving this to me?
Give it to me right away.
I don't shy away from things like this.
Something I've never seen before...
Give it to me right away.
[Music]
Wow, this is overflowing with charm.
The moon might melt.
[Music]
Looking at this,
I think everyone should do this one by one.
wait a second.
Hey, wait a bit.
Hamin, the youngest members should do it too.
Ah, I'll show you too.
Why is Hamin the only one not doing it?
It's random
I was just about to do it.
Alright.
You're actually supposed
to do this sitting down.
Okay.
You do this sitting down?
Really?
[Music]
Hey, you pulled it off well.
That was clean.
Now, is the moon coming?
Is the moon coming?
Did the moon come? It's not here yet.
They say it's still not enough.
Noah-hyung, you should give it a try.
Oh, I have to.
I really should stop showing off my charms.
Okay, come on in.
[Music]
Ah, I should give an award for effort for this.
This is just...
Oh, has the moon arrived?
It's here, it's here, it's
here. The moon is almost here.
Did the moon arrive?
I think the moon has arrived.
Okay, Hamin.
Bring the moon.
Now. Oh, wait.
It'd be a shame if you're the
only one who doesn't do it.
Don't feel left out.
You have to show this. I think
I did it a lot last time.
You have to show it.
What is this?
Hey, this is worth showing.
Wait, what?
- Don't mess around. - Bamby!
Hey, do it properly.
- Hey, man. - It's really...
No, it's because you're not
putting in enough effort.
Just like with the vending machine last week.
- Oh, Bamby. - I'll go get him.
- There it is. - Okay.
Please, the moon.
Wow.
Alright.
Let's see.
Oh, it's here.
Is it back?
It's close now.
Is it still far?
Someone, put some strength into it, quickly.
Oh, good, good. Okay.
I'll do more.
Hurry, hurry, hurry. How
far does it have to come?
Bring it quickly, now, now.
Ah, now, now. Ah, right now, right now.
Bring it quickly, bring it quickly.
Be careful, be careful.
How do I take this?
By offering the Heart of the Moon.
Oh, it's done, it's done, it's done.
Careful. Those shining eyes.
Please.
Don't doubt.
It's almost there. It's almost there.
What? What? What?
What is it? It'll come true.
- It's done. - What?
this actually works.
Hey, the moon...
- We can pluck it. - It looks really hot.
It's a bit hot.
Because it's close to the sun right now.
It's a bit hot, so I'll take it.
Be careful coming over, be careful.
Come down carefully.
Come on down.
I brought the moon.
The moon is smaller than I thought.
Huh?
Was it always this small?
we made it small.
I mean, with our scolding magic...
How does it compare to PLLI?
The moon is still small.
But how do we get the disk from here?
The disk?
Oh, this?
I think it's inside here.
Because the disk is inside here...
Should we try to pop it or something?
It's cool. It's really cool, though.
Since we threw the disk here earlier.
I want to have this in my house.
- As a light. - It's pretty.
Alright, great.
This isn't something I can do alone.
We need to put our hands together like this.
Do you remember doing this before?
Now, come over here.
Right here, right here.
Now, your hands... Put your hands together.
put them together like this.
Now.
It appeared.
What?
Why do I have two?
Oh? Bamby has two?
It appeared.
The disks appeared like this.
Disks.
Two of them?
Two.
But why does only Bamby have two?
Right.
Yeah.
What's this?
Did you send them the year before last too?
No.
Shall we sit down?
- Did you send two disks by
yourself? - Shall we sit down?
Okay, let's sit down. Let's sit down for now.
Oh, wait.
First... - Then... - Let's watch one first.
Okay, okay.
Since I have two, let's put
the one on the left in first.
Yeah, let's do that.
Alright.
What is it? What?
Is music playing?
What is this?
That's amazing.
It was the Heart of the Moon.
Dalsim.
Is it live?
Oh, should we sing?
I think we're supposed to sing a song.
No way.
Come on, no way.
Oh, the one PLLI sang?
Wait, for real?
What?
Oh, Bamby-hyung is going to cry again.
Hey, I'm not crying.
- I'm getting goosebumps.
- Yejun-hyung is crying.
I really didn't know.
I really had no idea. I had no idea at all.
[PLLI performs “Heart of the Moon”]
How many people participated in this?
I don't know.
[PLLI performs “Heart of the Moon”]
They're so good.
When did they even prepare this?
I know, right?
It's beautiful. Thank you so much.
I had a feeling.
Not just a feeling, I didn't even think of it.
Wow, seriously.
They're giving us a gift instead.
- The song is really hard, but they're
singing it so well. - A gift for us...
Exactly.
We should be the ones giving a gift.
They sang so well.
Thank you.
Thank you, PLLIs.
- Thank you. - They're so good at singing.
You're the best.
You're amazing.
The song is quite difficult,
and it's so clear and pure.
It's deeply moving.
Truly.
It's great.
That was so good.
Last year,
you sang "12:32" for us.
But what's different about this is,
when we listen to the version we sang,
the feeling is completely different when we
listen to it while looking at the lyrics.
I kept looking at the lyrics.
And while looking at them, I felt a bit...
moved...
I also thought this:
"Wow, the song is really well-written."
- Oh, really? - I thought...
I actually had that thought
in the midst of it all.
"The lyrics are so good."
I thought, "The lyrics are really well-written."
- In the midst of it... - They wrote it well.
They did a good job, they did a good job.
Oh, this really hits me.
Thank you.
I think it's so nice that we're able to
convey the words we wanted to say like this.
I think they're much more beautiful than we are.
I know.
So beautiful, You should be a singer. A singer.
If the moon had a heart, I
think it would truly be PLLI.
Moon-heart.
And it's so hard to get the timing
right for 'Is it now?' at the end.
I still haven't been able
to get it right either.
Let's practice together.
Anyway, now we...
- Shall we sit down? - Shall
we sit down? Shall we sit down?
Great.
I really didn't know.
Well, how should we sit?
How should we sit?
You really did a great job.
It's hitting pretty hard today, isn't it?
Did it hit you?
Yeah.
It hit me deep.
Is it because you laughed so much?
No, I had clear beef bone soup this morning,
-And deep music in the evening...
-And then some devotion...
No, really.
Clear, deep... but none of those are it.
One thing I can relate to is...
When someone you truly love sings,
that feeling, just now,
I thought, "Ah, so this is what it feels like."
That touching feeling.
I realized this is what PLLI was talking about.
I really felt it just now, for real.
You really felt it.
Truly, sincerely, today...
...it really hit me.
-Now everyone, pull yourselves
together. -Thank you.
I'll accept another gift.
Great. We also have something
for the PLLIs today...
Actually, there's one more
surprise gift we prepared.
It was a year ago today.
Right after the broadcast on June 19, 2025,
to PLAVE in 2026,
we recorded ourselves reading letters we wrote.
we filmed it.
It got a lot of views...
- It got a lot of views? - PLAVE-view?
PLA-view?
Hey, move aside.
Stop pinching me.
Now, to PLAVE
Oh, our hyung is touched.
He's really moved right now.
Let's see, PLAVE.
But about PLA-view...
Look at the view.
Right.
- We [recorded] a letter a year ago... - Great.
We recorded them.
We haven't seen them yet either,
so we're going to watch them now.
Okay, okay.
Let's start with Yejun-hyung.
Starting with Yejun-hyung.
Do I just put this in?
Will it really play if I put this in?
Now, the CD...
I don't think it went in.
it's spinning, it's spinning.
It takes a bit of time to buffer.
Oh, this is so cool.
Doesn't it feel like we're at an amusement park?
Oh, an amusement park.
Oh, the video is starting.
Hi, Yejun, one year from now.
I'm sending you a video message like this.
This is awkward.
Before I send this video message...
12:32.
To our PLLIs who sang for us,
that '12:32' was truly touching,
I really wanted to say that.
Uh, this isn't for you a year from now,
but for our PLLIs who will
be watching this video
a year from now,
I wanted to tell them first.
Uh, and...
to you, a year from now...
What kind of alien will you be?
I'm also really,
really curious.
Going on many tours,
performing on many great stages,
and singing many great songs...
Being loved by even more PLLIs
and even more of the general public,
won't you have become that kind of alien?
That's what I'm cautiously imagining.
Yejun,
because you're going to do so well,
I have no doubt in you.
Also, I just thought of something.
Won't we do another surprise busking in Hongdae?
Because we need to stay true to our roots.
And if we do a cool busking
performance in Hongdae,
wouldn't our PLLIs love it too?
That's what I'm thinking...
The thought just occurred to me.
I just thought I'd say it.
That's touching.
And you've been taking
care of your health, right?
To receive more love, you have
to take care of yourself first.
To be someone who can really
take better care of your health,
I hope you become that kind of cool Yejun.
And also, make sure to be
a good son to your parents.
You really must look after
your family and the members,
To be someone who can really take
better care of those around you,
I hope you become that, that
kind of wonderful person.
Yejun, one year from now,
I'm really rooting for you.
And I hope you're always
smiling and being mature,
and that you're always a polite Yejun.
See you in a year.
Bye.
I love you. Bye.
I love you so much.
I love you.
I love you too, PLLIs
I love you too, PLLIs!
Bye
Really...
It was so touching
Noah-hyung shed tears.
He's crying
Noah...
Even tears...
Noah... Are you okay?
Tears are... I'm tearing up.
Just seeing how I was a year ago...
Please explain why you're crying.
Okay.
Hurry up and explain.
The PLLIs are...
worried, asking, "Is someone crying?"
I'm feeling guilty now.
You did cry, right?
Did you actually cry?
Yes. I did cry.
They were different kinds of tears, though.
No, I was so moved, and it hit me like this...
But then, a shadow next to
Yejun's nose in that video...
Right, I kept saying it
looked like a runny nose.
It does look like a runny nose.
It was so funny how it looked
like a runny nose that suddenly...
But I think Noah might be
like that right now too.
That could be true.
Since it hasn't come out yet. Since it hasn't
come out yet, I think Noah will be like that too.
This is crazy. I can't focus
because of this either.
I saw something shaking out of
the corner of my eye, so I looked,
and he was crying like this.
Snot was coming out from here and here.
He was a mess of tears and snot.
I know, right? It really brings out the tears.
From here too.
I'm really crying twice today.
Noah-hyung, why don't you meet
the Noah-hyung from a year ago too?
Shall we meet him?
Let's meet him.
Put it in the clock. This way...
You have to put it in the clock
I wonder if Noah has a runny nose too...
Let's see.
If he'll be a snotty Noah.
Let's sit down, let's sit down.
PLLIs, don't worry.
Now, let's see if Noah...
Ah, like this again...
He's a snotty-nosed kid again.
Hello, Noah from one year later.
I'm writing a letter to
you one year in the future.
In a year, you'll be
one year my senior.
Right.
But since we don't age in Asterum,
I guess we're the same age.
Nice to meet you, friend. You cheeky brat.
I'm sure you're still
getting along well with PLLI,
and giving them lots of love.
Come to think of it, our
PLLIs are three years old now.
If you're watching this,
Happy birthday to our PLLIs.
12:32.
Today was truly touching.
I wonder what kind of event will
be waiting for us in a year.
I'm really curious.
And in a year, maybe...
Maybe we'll have met Malone-hyung in person?
That's what I'm looking forward to.
Unfortunately, that didn't happen.
- I'm curious. - We didn't meet him.
Is there no way to get a letter from the future?
I'm actually the one who's really curious,
and I want to hear about it.
And,
I bet we've performed on many music shows,
and our PLLIs have grown in number.
Things like that,
I'm so curious about them,
but I guess I won't be able to hear it.
Noah, write me a letter from the future too.
Thinking about myself a year from now,
Of course,
I've worked hard until now,
but to grow
much more than I have,
in dancing, singing,
and my overall craft,
I'm working hard to improve even more,
and I'm so curious
about how I'll be a year from now
You did well. and I'm curious,
I'm better than you right now.
I'll work harder
to become an artist I won't be ashamed of.
Why, why are you trying to fight?
I'll try my best.
I love you.
I love you too.
I'm writing this to myself.
Anyway, I love you, PLLIs.
Okay, and...
I think I should take better care of my health.
What?
Of course, even now,
I'm doing a great job, but
- I take incredibly good care
of my health. - But in a year,
- I'm taking even better care of it now. -
Since I would've been doing it consistently,
I'll have grown even more in both body and mind.
That's what I'm thinking.
And I'll make many memories with our members.
The broadcast just ended,
so I'm feeling a bit emotional.
I'll stop here.
Now, finally, to Noah one year from now.
You should write a letter then.
- No. - Bye.
This feels like 'I Am Solo'.
Are you okay with long-distance?
Hello, Noah from one year later.
Again?
Yeah. Did you write another one?
Once again...
So we've seen Noah-hyung from a year ago.
Unfortunately, we couldn't meet Malone-hyung.
Right, we didn't get to meet him yet.
Since it's a shame, I should
at least buy some Jo Malone...
Even just Jo Malone...
I should do that.
I'll try spraying some Jo Malone.
Sounds good.
Noah's doesn't look like snot. It's more like...
Exactly. Earlier, Yejun
really looked like Maeng-gu.
The lighting was too much.
Even I thought it looked
like I had a runny nose.
Did you think that?
I... I kept...
Kept thinking about that.
Actually, I couldn't really focus.
Because of the runny nose. Oh, seriously.
Actually, I was laughing so hard...
...at what Yejun said.
- I don't remember anything. -
Yeah, I don't remember either.
Runny nose, runny nose.
Alright, that was fun to watch.
But it's fun.
Something from a year ago.
But since this really was a year ago...
Yeah.
I'll try putting it in myself, too.
Yes, of course you should.
You guys...
It's spinning now.
Oh, it's spinning well.
It's spinning. It's spinning well.
It's spinning well.
Just a little more
Bamby, let's hear yours.
Okay.
And tie your tie all the way up.
Hi.
Bonggu, one year from now.
No runny nose.
I'm sending a letter to
you one year in the future.
Really.
First of all, PLLI,
since I'm short,
12:32...
I found it so moving,
to the point of tears,
and for the unforgettable
happy memories you gave me,
I want to say thank you.
Of course, you'll see this again in a year,
but once again,
Thank you again.
Now, and Bonggu,
by that time,
you would have appeared on 'You Quiz'.
Oh my.
So, with Yoo Jae-suk sunbaenim,
It's a shame, but should I give you a quiz?
With your witty talk,
to make PLAVE
more widely known,
You must have seized
an opportunity like that.
Bamby, having big dreams is
-Good. -Well done.
Good, good.
You did a great job being funny.
Now, and...
-In a year's time... -Good job, good job.
I really hope you look around you more.
Of course, you're studying languages and...
I know you're working hard,
but there's a saying.
This is
something my mom told me.
"Fill yourself up first, and share
the water that overflows with others."
Find some peace of mind for yourself first,
and then you'll be able to
see more of what's around you.
As you look around more,
especially to your parents,
be filial to your family.
I trust you're taking good care of PLLI.
Then, perhaps...
you'll see many things
you hadn't noticed before?
And though I know you're working hard now,
I believe you'll have grown even more by then.
Also, you must study Japanese and
other foreign languages diligently.
N2.
To communicate with PLLIs in Japan
and many other PLLIs abroad...
Wait, since this is for the future,
I'm sure you've worked hard.
I believe in you.
Show and prove.
Anyway, until the day you can speak fluently,
I hope you've made it. You
can do it, you can do it.
You can do it.
No.
You've done well so far,
and I believe you'll do
even better in the future.
Because PLLIs are protecting me,
I have nothing to fear anymore.
Let's keep going just like this.
Let's go!
I really love you so much.
And PLLI,
I love you so much.
Bye.
Fighting!
It's very hopeful.
- Great job - It's hopeful
It's so cute and adorable
- Good - I enjoyed it
But you really showed and proved it
About the Japanese...
I did say that, didn't I?
This was just really cool
With passion
Until the day you're on You Quiz
You Quiz...
You can do it.
Because words have a way of becoming reality.
Right.
It's just that a year has passed.
- Right. - I'll do it.
Yeah.
There's still plenty of time
left. Since it's the future.
Good.
He said he'd do it.
- I wonder what else Eunho
said. - Let's go see again.
Let's go.
Eunho from a year ago.
It's working well.
Have a good day...
I wonder what he said.
What kind of things he said.
Have a great day, everyone.
Hi, Eunho from a year in the future.
I'm sending a letter to you one year from now.
First of all, PLLIs are
still by my side then, right?
Be good to the PLLIs.
Our PLLIs will already be
three years old by then.
Happy early birthday.
PLLIs of one year later, I
miss you so much already.
And the song "12:32" you sang today...
It was truly so touching.
I'm going to ask for it to be
sent to me as soon as I get home.
And one year later, I'll still
be releasing albums, right?
Of course, you would have
given your all to those albums.
The reaction might be a bit
different from what you expected,
but since the "you" I know
would have done your best,
any result is fine.
But if it can really resonate with many people,
that would be truly wonderful.
And if we do more overseas tours
and get to introduce PLAVE to
many people in each country,
it would be more than I could ever ask for.
We're going on a world tour.
But to achieve all these career goals,
First of all, you need to take good
care of your mental and physical health.
That's the only way you can achieve
all the career goals you've mentioned.
You know that, right?
I don't know if you'll
have achieved it in a year,
but a year from now, after a
performance, a broadcast, or a concert,
when your energy is really high,
at that time, at that moment,
when you come home,
in terms of bringing that energy back down...
I'm saying things like that.
I hope you don't struggle too much.
In that regard,
becoming a bit more mature...
and making good use of that time...
it would be great if you could
become that kind of Eunho.
As for me, for the next year,
just as I have until now,
I'll always work hard
and do my absolute best.
That's how I'll spend my time.
To always become a better person,
to make better PLAVE music,
I think I'll always be striving.
Eunho,
keep it up, always.
Stay strong.
You're the best.
He didn't say "I love you."
That's basically what it meant
But he was quite serious.
Why were you so, why were you so
serious? Why did you do it so seriously?
- Because you were so serious.
- That's why it touched me more.
You were really serious, though.
Nice. It looks like your
eyes are welling up a bit?
No, you...
If my nose had started running,
I would've been in trouble.
After saying all that.
A little bit of snot actually came out here.
Oh, really?
I did. Eunho, it shows on you too.
it shows? Yes.
Is he your husband?
Yes.
I really enjoyed that.
But somehow...
Since we're going on a world tour again...
Our words became reality.
...right?
Yes. Those words became a seed again.
Right, you're right. Bamby was right.
The words became a seed. My mom taught me that.
To be careful with my words.
I wonder what kind of 'seed' is in my time...
- Ah, now... - Great, great.
Our Hamin! C (word play on seed)
D
Right.
Spin.
Let's see.
Ta-da!
The last one.
It's my video from a year ago.
Hamin.
I'm looking forward to it.
It's here. It's Hamin
from one year later.
He'll be the hyung then.
Yes.
Hello.
I am
the 2025,
June 19th
Hamin.
So cute.
Today, I'm sending a letter to
myself one year in the future.
First of all, today was the day we
celebrated PLLI's 2nd anniversary.
It was a truly moving day,
and also, with our song "12:32,"
listening to the song that PLLI gifted us,
it was an even more touching day.
Every single day,
thanks to PLLIs
and my fellow members, I'm
spending such happy days.
I hope that even a year
from now, without change,
I hope you're spending happy
days just like you are now.
And personally, what I
hope for a year from now...
How should I put it?
Should I call it something like my career?
What could there be? Well, since
things happen as you say them,
Personally, I'd like to
go on many overseas tours,
and I also hope our public
recognition grows a lot.
Also, year-end stages, those kinds of
performances, various award ceremonies...
Yes, and it would be great if
we could win various awards too.
Also, EXO and BTS, the seniors I like,
I'll get to meet many seniors I respect.
Actually, I've already met them.
I have, right?
I don't know if I should say this,
but anyway, I hope it happens like that.
Yes, for our PLLIs,
I hope you always stay strong,
Since health is the most important thing,
I hope you eat well and keep your spirits up.
On broadcasts, on stage, and in your daily life,
please be the Hamin who can always
give good energy to PLLIs,
just like you are now.
Yes. Well then, I'll say goodbye now.
Stay healthy.
Stay healthy. Stay strong.
Fighting!
- Good luck. - You can do it.
Bye.
So, we've just watched my video.
It's strange because it was only a year ago,
but even to me, I look like such a kid.
In a way, a year can pass by in a flash,
and it can feel very short,
but it can also be a very long time.
It's a period where so many things happened,
and I can still feel how I
felt when I was filming that.
That's right.
Back then, a year later felt
like such a distant future.
Right, right. I think we mentioned
'You Quiz' back then too.
Exactly. The fact that a
year has already gone by...
It's just...
It makes me realize all over
again how fast time flies.
I know. It really goes by so fast.
I was just talking about
some personal things earlier.
Like, how you need to know how to use
your time well when you're alone...
I suddenly remembered the time I struggled
with that; I'd forgotten all about it.
That period when I had those worries.
Without needing to worry, I'm doing well now...
But now, you've really...
-Haven't you figured it out? -That's right.
Since I've realized it,
I cook,
-and make pizza and things
like that. -By yourself.
Yes, exactly.
It's quite impressive.
True, true.
Everyone's doing well.
Great. Let's give a round of applause.
Still,
we've grown a lot.
- Seriously. - You're right.
We've grown a lot.
Yes.
Great.
A year is both short and long.
- Exactly - Right?
- It's short. - Truly.
I really felt a lot of things.
Now, and also, everyone, this video letter...
will be uploaded to PLAVE's
official channel soon.
Please wait just a little longer.
Yes.
Great.
We're going to wrap things up.
Now, everyone,
since today is such a memorable day,
it's time for our capture time.
We should take photos, we have to take photos.
We need to save this moment.
Let's save it, let's save it.
Now, Reporter Nam.
Ah, I'm Reporter Nam.
Now, let's pretend this is
PLLI and take a photo together.
Here we go.
One, two, three.
Change your pose. One, two...
Lift your leg, lift your leg.
Done.
The last playlist is, well, actually this...
- This is obviously, obviously...
- No need to think about it, right?
Right. No need to think about it, right?
No need to hesitate, right?
- Alright, please play it. - Luna Hearts
Right.
Let's go.
Now, Luna Hearts.
We'll wrap up today while
listening to PLLI's Luna Hearts.
PLLI combination. Once again, happy birthday.
- I want to listen. - Happy, happy birthday.
- The puppy is washing its
face. - Happy birthday.
The path our PLLIs will walk in the future too,
-Together with us -They're still a baby
Let's walk together.
How can it be like this?
Your voice is so pretty, really.
Shall we sing together?
[PLLI performs “Lunar Hearts”]
Now's the time.
It's now.
Now is the time.
Thank you so, so much,
and you've worked so, so hard.
- Ah, the song is great.- In the future as well,
- together with PLAVE, - It's really good.
let's keep walking together.
Happy birthday, PLLI!
- I love you. - I love you.
I love you.
Happy birthday from the bottom of my heart.
Thank you. I love you.